      ip_input.c in BSD-derived TCP/IP implementations allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash or hang) via crafted packets.
      Buffer overflow in NFS mountd gives root access to remote attackers, mostly in Linux systems.
      Execute commands as root via buffer overflow in Tooltalk database server (rpc.ttdbserverd).
      MIME buffer overflow in email clients, e.g. Solaris mailtool and Outlook.
      Arbitrary command execution via IMAP buffer overflow in authenticate command.
      Buffer overflow in POP servers based on BSD/Qualcomm's qpopper allows remote attackers to gain root access using a long PASS command.
      Information from SSL-encrypted sessions via PKCS #1.
      Buffer overflow in NIS+, in Sun's rpc.nisd program.
      Inverse query buffer overflow in BIND 4.9 and BIND 8 Releases.
      Denial of Service vulnerability in BIND 8 Releases via maliciously formatted DNS messages.
      Denial of Service vulnerabilities in BIND 4.9 and BIND 8 Releases via CNAME record and zone transfer.
      Some web servers under Microsoft Windows allow remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for files with long file names.
      Stolen credentials from SSH clients via ssh-agent program, allowing other local users to access remote accounts belonging to the ssh-agent user.
      Unauthorized privileged access or denial of service via dtappgather program in CDE.
      Teardrop IP denial of service.
      Land IP denial of service.
      FTP servers can allow an attacker to connect to arbitrary ports on machines other than the FTP client, aka FTP bounce.
      Buffer overflow in statd allows root privileges.
      Delete or create a file via rpc.statd, due to invalid information.
      Arbitrary command execution via buffer overflow in Count.cgi (wwwcount) cgi-bin program.
      Local user gains root privileges via buffer overflow in rdist, via expstr() function.
      Local user gains root privileges via buffer overflow in rdist, via lookup() function.
      DNS cache poisoning via BIND, by predictable query IDs.
      root privileges via buffer overflow in df command on SGI IRIX systems.
      root privileges via buffer overflow in pset command on SGI IRIX systems.
      root privileges via buffer overflow in eject command on SGI IRIX systems.
      root privileges via buffer overflow in login/scheme command on SGI IRIX systems.
      root privileges via buffer overflow in ordist command on SGI IRIX systems.
      root privileges via buffer overflow in xlock command on SGI IRIX systems.
      JavaScript in Internet Explorer 3.x and 4.x, and Netscape 2.x, 3.x and 4.x, allows remote attackers to monitor a user's web activities, aka the Bell Labs vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in lpr, as used in BSD-based systems including Linux, allows local users to execute arbitrary code as root via a long -C (classification) command line option.
      Command execution in Sun systems via buffer overflow in the at program.
      Buffer overflow in suidperl (sperl), Perl 4.x and 5.x.
      Race condition in signal handling routine in ftpd, allowing read/write arbitrary files.
      IRIX login program with a nonzero LOCKOUT parameter allows creation or damage to files.
      Arbitrary command execution via metamail package using message headers, when user processes attacker's message using metamail.
      Buffer overflow in xlock program allows local users to execute commands as root.
      webdist CGI program (webdist.cgi) in SGI IRIX allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the distloc parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Xt library of X Windowing System allows local users to execute commands with root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in NLS (Natural Language Service).
      Buffer overflow in University of Washington's implementation of IMAP and POP servers.
      Command execution via shell metachars in INN daemon (innd) 1.5 using "newgroup" and "rmgroup" control messages, and others.
      fsdump command in IRIX allows local users to obtain root access by modifying sensitive files.
      List of arbitrary files on Web host via nph-test-cgi script.
      Buffer overflow of rlogin program using TERM environmental variable.
      MIME conversion buffer overflow in sendmail versions 8.8.3 and 8.8.4.
      Talkd, when given corrupt DNS information, can be used to execute arbitrary commands with root privileges.
      Csetup under IRIX allows arbitrary file creation or overwriting.
      Buffer overflow in HP-UX newgrp program.
      Arbitrary file creation and program execution using FLEXlm LicenseManager, from versions 4.0 to 5.0, in IRIX.
      IP fragmentation denial of service in FreeBSD allows a remote attacker to cause a crash.
      TCP RST denial of service in FreeBSD.
      Sun's ftpd daemon can be subjected to a denial of service.
      Buffer overflows in Sun libnsl allow root access.
      Buffer overflow in Sun's ping program can give root access to local users.
      Vacation program allows command execution by remote users through a sendmail command.
      Buffer overflow in PHP cgi program, php.cgi allows shell access.
      IRIX fam service allows an attacker to obtain a list of all files on the server.
      Attackers can cause a denial of service in Ascend MAX and Pipeline routers with a malformed packet to the discard port, which is used by the Java Configurator tool.
      File creation and deletion, and remote execution, in the BSD line printer daemon (lpd).
      The chpass command in OpenBSD allows a local user to gain root access through file descriptor leakage.
      Cisco IOS 12.0 and other versions can be crashed by malicious UDP packets to the syslog port.
      Buffer overflow in AIX lquerylv program gives root access to local users.
      Multiple buffer overflows in how dtmail handles attachments allows a remote attacker to execute commands.
      AnyForm CGI remote execution.
      phf CGI program allows remote command execution through shell metacharacters.
      CGI PHP mylog script allows an attacker to read any file on the target server.
      Solaris ufsrestore buffer overflow.
      test-cgi program allows an attacker to list files on the server.
      Apache httpd cookie buffer overflow for versions 1.1.1 and earlier.
      Buffer overflow in AIX xdat gives root access to local users.
      Telnet allows a remote client to specify environment variables including LD_LIBRARY_PATH, allowing an attacker to bypass the normal system libraries and gain root access.
      Listening TCP ports are sequentially allocated, allowing spoofing attacks.
      PASV core dump in wu-ftpd daemon when attacker uses a QUOTE PASV command after specifying a username and password.
      Buffer overflow in wu-ftp from PASV command causes a core dump.
      Predictable TCP sequence numbers allow spoofing.
      pcnfsd (aka rpc.pcnfsd) allows local users to change file permissions, or execute arbitrary commands through arguments in the RPC call.
      Remote attackers can cause a denial of service in FTP by issuing multiple PASV commands, causing the server to run out of available ports.
      Certain configurations of wu-ftp FTP server 2.4 use a _PATH_EXECPATH setting to a directory with dangerous commands, such as /bin, which allows remote authenticated users to gain root access via the "site exec" command.
      wu-ftp allows files to be overwritten via the rnfr command.
      CWD ~root command in ftpd allows root access.
      getcwd() file descriptor leak in FTP.
      Certain NFS servers allow users to use mknod to gain privileges by creating a writable kmem device and setting the UID to 0.
      Buffer overflow in rwhod on AIX and other operating systems allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a UDP packet with a long hostname.
      AIX routed allows remote users to modify sensitive files.
      Denial of service in AIX telnet can freeze a system and prevent users from accessing the server.
      IRIX and AIX automountd services (autofsd) allow remote users to execute root commands.
      Buffer overflow in AIX libDtSvc library can allow local users to gain root access.
      Buffer overflow in AIX rcp command allows local users to obtain root access.
      Buffer overflow in AIX writesrv command allows local users to obtain root access.
      Various vulnerabilities in the AIX portmir command allows local users to obtain root access.
      AIX nslookup command allows local users to obtain root access by not dropping privileges correctly.
      AIX piodmgrsu command allows local users to gain additional group privileges.
      The debug command in Sendmail is enabled, allowing attackers to execute commands as root.
      Sendmail decode alias can be used to overwrite sensitive files.
      The AIX FTP client can be forced to execute commands from a malicious server through shell metacharacters (e.g. a pipe character).
      Buffer overflow in SMTP HELO command in Sendmail allows a remote attacker to hide activities.
      Buffer overflow in syslog utility allows local or remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Remote access in AIX innd 1.5.1, using control messages.
      Buffer overflow in AIX and Solaris "gethostbyname" library call allows root access through corrupt DNS host names.
      Buffer overflow in SLmail 3.x allows attackers to execute commands using a large FROM line.
      Echo and chargen, or other combinations of UDP services, can be used in tandem to flood the server, a.k.a. UDP bomb or UDP packet storm.
      A later variation on the Teardrop IP denial of service attack, a.k.a. Teardrop-2.
      finger allows recursive searches by using a long string of @ symbols.
      Finger redirection allows finger bombs.
      Buffer overflow in Apache 1.2.5 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service with a large number of GET requests containing a large number of / characters.
      The printers program in IRIX has a buffer overflow that gives root access to local users.
      Buffer overflow in ffbconfig in Solaris 2.5.1.
      RIP v1 is susceptible to spoofing.
      Buffer overflow in AIX dtterm program for the CDE.
      Some implementations of rlogin allow root access if given a -froot parameter.
      Local users can execute commands as other users, and read other users' files, through the filter command in the Elm elm-2.4 mail package using a symlink attack.
      AIX bugfiler program allows local users to gain root access.
      Denial of service when an attacker sends many SYN packets to create multiple connections without ever sending an ACK to complete the connection, aka SYN flood.
      AIX passwd allows local users to gain root access.
      AIX infod allows local users to gain root access through an X display.
      Windows NT 4.0 beta allows users to read and delete shares.
      Sun/Solaris utmp file allows local users to gain root access if it is writable by users other than root.
      Buffer overflow in dtaction command gives root access.
      Buffer overflow in AIX lchangelv gives root access.
      Race condition in Linux mailx command allows local users to read user files.
      Vulnerabilities in UMN gopher and gopher+ versions 1.12 and 2.0x allow an intruder to read any files that can be accessed by the gopher daemon.
      Buffer overflow in SGI IRIX mailx program.
      SGI IRIX buffer overflow in xterm and Xaw allows root access.
      swinstall and swmodify commands in SD-UX package in HP-UX systems allow local users to create or overwrite arbitrary files to gain root access.
      Oversized ICMP ping packets can result in a denial of service, aka Ping o' Death.
      Sendmail allows local users to write to a file and gain group permissions via a .forward or :include: file.
      Local users can start Sendmail in daemon mode and gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow and denial of service in Sendmail 8.7.5 and earlier through GECOS field gives root access to local users.
      Expreserve, as used in vi and ex, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain root access.
      fm_fls license server for Adobe Framemaker allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain root access.
      vold in Solaris 2.x allows local users to gain root access.
      admintool in Solaris allows a local user to write to arbitrary files and gain root access.
      Kodak Color Management System (KCMS) on Solaris allows a local user to write to arbitrary files and gain root access.
      The dip program on many Linux systems allows local users to gain root access via a buffer overflow.
      The suidperl and sperl program do not give up root privileges when changing UIDs back to the original users, allowing root access.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris x86 mkcookie allows local users to obtain root access.
      Denial of service in RAS/PPTP on NT systems.
      Java Bytecode Verifier allows malicious applets to execute arbitrary commands as the user of the applet.
      The Java Applet Security Manager implementation in Netscape Navigator 2.0 and Java Developer's Kit 1.0 allows an applet to connect to arbitrary hosts.
      Kerberos 4 key servers allow a user to masquerade as another by breaking and generating session keys.
      Denial of service in Qmail by specifying a large number of recipients with the RCPT command.
      Sendmail WIZ command enabled, allowing root access.
      The campas CGI program provided with some NCSA web servers allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands via encoded carriage return characters in the query string, as demonstrated by reading the password file.
      The aglimpse CGI program of the Glimpse package allows remote execution of arbitrary commands.
      The handler CGI program in IRIX allows arbitrary command execution.
      The wrap CGI program in IRIX allows remote attackers to view arbitrary directory listings via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The Perl fingerd program allows arbitrary command execution from remote users.
      The SATAN session key may be disclosed if the user points the web browser to other sites, possibly allowing root access.
      The DG/UX finger daemon allows remote command execution through shell metacharacters.
      Windows 95/NT out of band (OOB) data denial of service through NETBIOS port, aka WinNuke.
      IIS 2.0 and 3.0 allows remote attackers to read the source code for ASP pages by appending a . (dot) to the end of the URL.
      The ghostscript command with the -dSAFER option allows remote attackers to execute commands.
      wu-ftpd FTP daemon allows any user and password combination.
      Cisco PIX firewall and CBAC IP fragmentation attack results in a denial of service.
      Cisco PIX firewall manager (PFM) on Windows NT allows attackers to connect to port 8080 on the PFM server and retrieve any file whose name and location is known.
      Attackers can crash a Cisco IOS router or device, provided they can get to an interactive prompt (such as a login).  This applies to some IOS 9.x, 10.x, and 11.x releases.
      Some classic Cisco IOS devices have a vulnerability in the PPP CHAP authentication to establish unauthorized PPP connections.
      In Cisco IOS 10.3, with the tacacs-ds or tacacs keyword, an extended IP access control list could bypass filtering.
      The "established" keyword in some Cisco IOS software allowed an attacker to bypass filtering.
      In older versions of Sendmail, an attacker could use a pipe character to execute root commands.
      A race condition in the Solaris ps command allows an attacker to overwrite critical files.
      NFS cache poisoning.
      NFS allows users to use a "cd .." command to access other directories besides the exported file system.
      In SunOS, NFS file handles could be guessed, giving unauthorized access to the exported file system.
      The portmapper may act as a proxy and redirect service requests from an attacker, making the request appear to come from the local host, possibly bypassing authentication that would otherwise have taken place.  For example, NFS file systems could be mounted through the portmapper despite export restrictions.
      NFS allows attackers to read and write any file on the system by specifying a false UID.
      Remote attackers can mount an NFS file system in Ultrix or OSF, even if it is denied on the access list.
      Denial of service in syslog by sending it a large number of superfluous messages.
      FormMail CGI program allows remote execution of commands.
      FormMail CGI program can be used by web servers other than the host server that the program resides on.
      The view-source CGI program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The convert.bas program in the Novell web server allows a remote attackers to read any file on the system that is internally accessible by the web server.
      The Webgais program allows a remote user to execute arbitrary commands.
      The uploader program in the WebSite web server allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary programs.
      Buffer overflow in the win-c-sample program (win-c-sample.exe) in the WebSite web server 1.1e allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long query string.
      Windows NT crashes or locks up when a Samba client executes a "cd .." command on a file share.
      in.rshd allows users to login with a NULL username and execute commands.
      The wall daemon can be used for denial of service, social engineering attacks, or to execute remote commands.
      Samba has a buffer overflow which allows a remote attacker to obtain root access by specifying a long password.
      Linux implementations of TFTP would allow access to files outside the restricted directory.
      When compiled with the -DALLOW_UPDATES option, bind allows dynamic updates to the DNS server, allowing for malicious modification of DNS records.
      In SunOS or Solaris, a remote user could connect from an FTP server's data port to an rlogin server on a host that trusts the FTP server, allowing remote command execution.
      In Solaris, an SNMP subagent has a default community string that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands as root, or modify system parameters.
      The passwd command in Solaris can be subjected to a denial of service.
      Solaris rpcbind listens on a high numbered UDP port, which may not be filtered since the standard port number is 111.
      Solaris rpcbind can be exploited to overwrite arbitrary files and gain root access.
      IIS newdsn.exe CGI script allows remote users to overwrite files.
      Buffer overflow in telnet daemon tgetent routing allows remote attackers to gain root access via the TERMCAP environmental variable.
      Denial of service in Ascend and 3com routers, which can be rebooted by sending a zero length TCP option.
      Denial of service in in.comsat allows attackers to generate messages.
      Denial of service in RPC portmapper allows attackers to register or unregister RPC services or spoof RPC services using a spoofed source IP address such as 127.0.0.1.
      websendmail in Webgais 1.0 allows a remote user to access arbitrary files and execute arbitrary code via the receiver parameter ($VAR_receiver variable).
      finger 0@host on some systems may print information on some user accounts.
      finger .@host on some systems may print information on some user accounts.
      Windows NT FTP server (WFTP) with the guest account enabled without a password allows an attacker to log into the FTP server using any username and password.
      A quote cwd command on FTP servers can reveal the full path of the home directory of the "ftp" user.
      The GNU tar command, when used in FTP sessions, may allow an attacker to execute arbitrary commands.
      In Sendmail, attackers can gain root privileges via SMTP by specifying an improper "mail from" address and an invalid "rcpt to" address that would cause the mail to bounce to a program.
      Sendmail 8.6.9 allows remote attackers to execute root commands, using ident.
      Denial of service in Sendmail 8.6.11 and 8.6.12.
      MIME buffer overflow in Sendmail 8.8.0 and 8.8.1 gives root access.
      Remote attacker can execute commands through Majordomo using the Reply-To field and a "lists" command.
      rpc.ypupdated (NIS) allows remote users to execute arbitrary commands.
      The SunView (SunTools) selection_svc facility allows remote users to read files.
      Automount daemon automountd allows local or remote users to gain privileges via shell metacharacters.
      Extra long export lists over 256 characters in some mount daemons allows NFS directories to be mounted by anyone.
      Solaris rpc.mountd generates error messages that allow a remote attacker to determine what files are on the server.
      libnsl in Solaris allowed an attacker to perform a denial of service of rpcbind.
      Denial of service by sending forged ICMP unreachable packets.
      Routed allows attackers to append data to files.
      Denial of service of inetd on Linux through SYN and RST packets.
      Malicious option settings in UDP packets could force a reboot in SunOS 4.1.3 systems.
      Livingston portmaster machines could be rebooted via a series of commands.
      Buffer overflow in FTP Serv-U 2.5 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long (1) CWD or (2) LS (list) command.
      Attackers can do a denial of service of IRC by crashing the server.
      Denial of service of Ascend routers through port 150 (remote administration).
      Denial of service in Cisco IOS web server allows attackers to reboot the router using a long URL.
      Solaris syslogd crashes when receiving a message from a host that doesn't have an inverse DNS entry.
      Denial of service in Windows NT messenger service through a long username.
      Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed SMB logon request in which the actual data size does not match the specified size.
      Windows NT TCP/IP processes fragmented IP packets improperly, causing a denial of service.
      Access violation in LSASS.EXE (LSA/LSARPC) program in Windows NT allows a denial of service.
      Denial of service in RPCSS.EXE program (RPC Locator) in Windows NT.
      Denial of service in Windows NT IIS server using ..\..
      Buffer overflow in Cisco 7xx routers through the telnet service.
      Buffer overflow in IP-Switch IMail and Seattle Labs Slmail 2.6 packages using a long VRFY command, causing a denial of service and possibly remote access.
      Buffer overflow in NCSA WebServer (version 1.5c) gives remote access.
      IIS 1.0 allows users to execute arbitrary commands using .bat or .cmd files.
      Bash treats any character with a value of 255 as a command separator.
      Buffer overflow in NCSA WebServer (1.4.1 and below) gives remote access.
      ScriptAlias directory in NCSA and Apache httpd allowed attackers to read CGI programs.
      Remote execution of arbitrary commands through Guestbook CGI program.
      php.cgi allows attackers to read any file on the system.
      Netscape FastTrack Web server lists files when a lowercase "get" command is used instead of an uppercase GET.
      Some filters or firewalls allow fragmented SYN packets with IP reserved bits in violation of their implemented policy.
      Guessable magic cookies in X Windows allows remote attackers to execute commands, e.g. through xterm.
      Remote attackers can access mail files via POP3 in some Linux systems that are using shadow passwords.
      Linux cfingerd could be exploited to gain root access.
      Livingston RADIUS code has a buffer overflow which can allow remote execution of commands as root.
      Some configurations of NIS+ in Linux allowed attackers to log in as the user "+".
      HP Remote Watch allows a remote user to gain root access.
      Buffer overflow in nnrpd program in INN up to version 1.6 allows remote users to execute arbitrary commands.
      A race condition in the authentication agent mechanism of sshd 1.2.17 allows an attacker to steal another user's credentials.
      Windows NT RSHSVC program allows remote users to execute arbitrary commands.
      Denial of service in Qmail through long SMTP commands.
      Denial of service in talk program allows remote attackers to disrupt a user's display.
      Buffer overflow in listserv allows arbitrary command execution.
      IIS 3.0 with the iis-fix hotfix installed allows remote intruders to read source code for ASP programs by using a %2e instead of a . (dot) in the URL.
      A hidden SNMP community string in HP OpenView allows remote attackers to modify MIB tables and obtain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflow in ircd allows arbitrary command execution.
      Buffer overflow in War FTP allows remote execution of commands.
      Nestea variation of teardrop IP fragmentation denial of service.
      Bonk variation of teardrop IP fragmentation denial of service.
      cfingerd lists all users on a system via search.**@target.
      The jj CGI program allows command execution via shell metacharacters.
      Netmanager Chameleon SMTPd has several buffer overflows that cause a crash.
      Hylafax faxsurvey CGI script on Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the query string.
      Solaris SUNWadmap can be exploited to obtain root access.
      htmlscript CGI program allows remote read access to files.
      ICMP redirect messages may crash or lock up a host.
      The info2www CGI script allows remote file access or remote command execution.
      Buffer overflow in NCSA HTTP daemon v1.3 allows remote command execution.
      MetaInfo MetaWeb web server allows users to upload, execute, and read scripts.
      Netscape Enterprise servers may list files through the PageServices query.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in pfdispaly.cgi program (sometimes referred to as "pfdisplay") for SGI's Performer API Search Tool (performer_tools) allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Progressive Networks Real Video server (pnserver) can be crashed remotely.
      Denial of service in Slmail v2.5 through the POP3 port.
      Denial of service through Solaris 2.5.1 telnet by sending ^D characters.
      Denial of service in Windows NT DNS servers through malicious packet which contains a response to a query that wasn't made.
      Denial of service in Windows NT DNS servers by flooding port 53 with too many characters.
      mSQL v2.0.1 and below allows remote execution through a buffer overflow.
      The WorkMan program can be used to overwrite any file to get root access.
      In IIS, remote attackers can obtain source code for ASP files by appending "::$DATA" to the URL.
      Excite for Web Servers (EWS) allows remote command execution via shell metacharacters.
      Remote command execution in Microsoft Internet Explorer using .lnk and .url files.
      Denial of service in IIS using long URLs.
      The Java Web Server would allow remote users to obtain the source code for CGI programs.
      Denial of service to NT mail servers including Ipswitch, Mdaemon, and Exchange through a buffer overflow in the SMTP HELO command.
      Denial of service in telnet from the Windows NT Resource Kit, by opening then immediately closing a connection.
      In some NT web servers, appending a space at the end of a URL may allow attackers to read source code for active pages.
      Vulnerability in the Wguest CGI program.
      The WINS server in Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 before SP4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (process termination) via invalid UDP frames to port 137 (NETBIOS Name Service), as demonstrated via a flood of random packets.
      The Apache web server for Win32 may provide access to restricted files when a . (dot) is appended to a requested URL.
      The WinGate telnet proxy allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of connections to localhost.
      The WinGate proxy is installed without a password, which allows remote attackers to redirect connections without authentication.
      Denial of service through Winpopup using large user names.
      AAA authentication on Cisco systems allows attackers to execute commands without authorization.
      All records in a WINS database can be deleted through SNMP for a denial of service.
      Solaris sysdef command allows local users to read kernel memory, potentially leading to root privileges.
      Solaris volrmmount program allows attackers to read any file.
      Buffer overflow in Vixie Cron library up to version 3.0 allows local users to obtain root access via a long environmental variable.
      ypbind with -ypset and -ypsetme options activated in Linux Slackware and SunOS allows local and remote attackers to overwrite files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD lpd through long DNS hostnames.
      nis_cachemgr for Solaris NIS+ allows attackers to add malicious NIS+ servers.
      Buffer overflow in SunOS/Solaris ps command.
      SunOS/Solaris FTP clients can be forced to execute arbitrary commands from a malicious FTP server.
      Buffer overflow in BNU UUCP daemon (uucpd) through long hostnames.
      mmap function in BSD allows local attackers in the kmem group to modify memory through devices.
      The system configuration control (sysctl) facility in BSD based operating systems OpenBSD 2.2 and earlier, and FreeBSD 2.2.5 and earlier, does not properly restrict source routed packets even when the (1) dosourceroute or (2) forwarding variables are set, which allows remote attackers to spoof TCP connections.
      buffer overflow in HP xlock program.
      Buffer overflow in HP-UX cstm program allows local users to gain root privileges.
      HP-UX gwind program allows users to modify arbitrary files.
      HP-UX vgdisplay program gives root access to local users.
      SSH 1.2.25 on HP-UX allows access to new user accounts.
      fpkg2swpk in HP-UX allows local users to gain root access.
      HP ypbind allows attackers with root privileges to modify NIS data.
      disk_bandwidth on SGI IRIX 6.4 S2MP for Origin/Onyx2 allows local users to gain root access using relative pathnames.
      ioconfig on SGI IRIX 6.4 S2MP for Origin/Onyx2 allows local users to gain root access using relative pathnames.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris fdformat command gives root access to local users.
      Buffer overflow in Linux splitvt command gives root access to local users.
      Buffer overflow in Linux su command gives root access to local users.
      Buffer overflow in xmcd 2.0p12 allows local users to gain access through an environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in xmcd 2.1 allows local users to gain access through a user resource setting.
      SunOS rpc.cmsd allows attackers to obtain root access by overwriting arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris kcms_configure command allows local users to gain root access.
      The open() function in FreeBSD allows local attackers to write to arbitrary files.
      FreeBSD mmap function allows users to modify append-only or immutable files.
      ppl program in HP-UX allows local users to create root files through symlinks.
      vhe_u_mnt program in HP-UX allows local users to create root files through symlinks.
      Vulnerability in HP-UX mediainit program.
      SGI syserr program allows local users to corrupt files.
      SGI permissions program allows local users to gain root privileges.
      SGI mediad program allows local users to gain root access.
      Linux bdash game has a buffer overflow that allows local users to gain root access.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 4.0(1).
      Buffer overflow in NetMeeting allows denial of service and remote command execution.
      HP OpenView Omniback allows remote execution of commands as root via spoofing, and local users can gain root access via a symlink attack.
      In Solaris 2.2 and 2.3, when fsck fails on startup, it allows a local user with physical access to obtain root access.
      DEPRECATED.  This entry has been deprecated.  It is a duplicate of CVE-1999-0032.
      Buffer overflow in mstm in HP-UX allows local users to gain root access.
      AIX batch queue (bsh) allows local and remote users to gain additional privileges when network printing is enabled.
      AIX Licensed Program Product performance tools allow local users to gain root access.
      Buffer overflow in the libauth library in Solaris allows local users to gain additional privileges, possibly root access.
      Buffer overflow in Linux Slackware crond program allows local users to gain root access.
      Buffer overflow in the Linux mail program "deliver" allows local users to gain root access.
      Linux PAM modules allow local users to gain root access using temporary files.
      A malicious Palace server can force a client to execute arbitrary programs.
      NT users can gain debug-level access on a system process using the Sechole exploit.
      Jolt ICMP attack causes a denial of service in Windows 95 and Windows NT systems.
      CGI PHP mlog script allows an attacker to read any file on the target server.
      Internet Explorer 4.01 allows remote attackers to read local files and spoof web pages via a "%01" character in an "about:" Javascript URL, which causes Internet Explorer to use the domain specified after the character.
      IIS ASP caching problem releases sensitive information when two virtual servers share the same physical directory.
      A buffer overflow in the FTP list (ls) command in IIS allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service and, in some cases, execute arbitrary commands.
      Race condition in the db_loader program in ClearCase gives local users root access by setting SUID bits.
      FTP PASV "Pizza Thief" denial of service and unauthorized data access.  Attackers can steal data by connecting to a port that was intended for use by a client.
      ControlIT 4.5 and earlier (aka Remotely Possible) has weak password encryption.
      rpc.pcnfsd in HP gives remote root access by changing the permissions on the main printer spool directory.
      Internet Explorer 4.x or 5.x with Word 97 allows arbitrary execution of Visual Basic programs to the IE client through the Word 97 template, which doesn't warn the user that the template contains executable content.  Also applies to Outlook when the client views a malicious email message.
      Local or remote users can force ControlIT 4.5 to reboot or force a user to log out, resulting in a denial of service.
      ControlIT v4.5 and earlier uses weak encryption to store usernames and passwords in an address book.
      Windows 98 and other operating systems allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via crafted "oshare" packets, possibly involving invalid fragmentation offsets.
      Digital Unix 4.0 has a buffer overflow in the inc program of the mh package.
      ptylogin in Unix systems allows users to perform a denial of service by locking out modems, dial out with that modem, or obtain passwords.
      MS Site Server 2.0 with IIS 4 can allow users to upload content, including ASP, to the target web site, thus allowing them to execute commands remotely.
      NetWare version of LaserFiche stores usernames and passwords unencrypted, and allows administrative changes without logging.
      WS_FTP server remote denial of service through cwd command.
      SuSE 5.2 PLP lpc program has a buffer overflow that leads to root compromise.
      Microsoft Access 97 stores a database password as plaintext in a foreign mdb, allowing access to data.
      The metamail package allows remote command execution using shell metacharacters that are not quoted in a mailcap entry.
      In some cases, Service Pack 4 for Windows NT 4.0 can allow access to network shares using a blank password, through a problem with a null NT hash value.
      NetBSD netstat command allows local users to access kernel memory.
      Buffer overflows in wuarchive ftpd (wu-ftpd) and ProFTPD lead to remote root access, a.k.a. palmetto.
      The Sun sdtcm_convert calendar utility for OpenWindows has a buffer overflow which can gain root access.
      In Sun Solaris and SunOS, man and catman contain vulnerabilities that allow overwriting arbitrary files.
      Lynx allows a local user to overwrite sensitive files through /tmp symlinks.
      The installer for BackOffice Server includes account names and passwords in a setup file (reboot.ini) which is not deleted.
      Buffer overflow in the "Super" utility in Debian GNU/Linux, and other operating systems, allows local users to execute commands as root.
      Debian GNU/Linux cfengine package is susceptible to a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in webd in Network Flight Recorder (NFR) 2.0.2-Research allows remote attackers to execute commands.
      Local users in Windows NT can obtain administrator privileges by changing the KnownDLLs list to reference malicious programs.
      Process table attack in Unix systems allows a remote attacker to perform a denial of service by filling a machine's process tables through multiple connections to network services.
      InterScan VirusWall for Solaris doesn't scan files for viruses when a single HTTP request includes two GET commands.
      Microsoft Taskpads allows remote web sites to execute commands on the visiting user's machine via certain methods that are marked as Safe for Scripting.
      SLMail 3.1 and 3.2 allows local users to access any file in the NTFS file system when the Remote Administration Service (RAS) is enabled by setting a user's Finger File to point to the target file, then running finger on the user.
      super 3.11.6 and other versions have a buffer overflow in the syslog utility which allows a local user to gain root access.
      The screen saver in Windows NT does not verify that its security context has been changed properly, allowing attackers to run programs with elevated privileges.
      ACC Tigris allows public access without a login.
      The Forms 2.0 ActiveX control (included with Visual Basic for Applications 5.0) can be used to read text from a user's clipboard when the user accesses documents with ActiveX content.
      The LDAP bind function in Exchange 5.5 has a buffer overflow that allows a remote attacker to conduct a denial of service or execute commands.
      Microsoft Personal Web Server and FrontPage Personal Web Server in some Windows systems allows a remote attacker to read files on the server by using a nonstandard URL.
      A legacy credential caching mechanism used in Windows 95 and Windows 98 systems allows attackers to read plaintext network passwords.
      DataLynx suGuard trusts the PATH environment variable to execute the ps command, allowing local users to execute commands as root.
      Buffer overflow in the bootp server in the Debian Linux netstd package.
      Buffer overflow in Dosemu Slang library in Linux.
      The cryptographic challenge of SMB authentication in Windows 95 and Windows 98 can be reused, allowing an attacker to replay the response and impersonate a user.
      Buffer overflow in Thomas Boutell's cgic library version up to 1.05.
      Remote attackers can cause a denial of service in Sendmail 8.8.x and 8.9.2 by sending messages with a large number of headers.
      DPEC Online Courseware allows an attacker to change another user's password without knowing the original password.
      A race condition in the BackWeb Polite Agent Protocol allows an attacker to spoof a BackWeb server.
      A race condition between the select() and accept() calls in NetBSD TCP servers allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      The demo version of the Quakenbush NT Password Appraiser sends passwords across the network in plaintext.
      In some instances of SSH 1.2.27 and 2.0.11 on Linux systems, SSH will allow users with expired accounts to login.
      The DCC server command in the Mirc 5.5 client doesn't filter characters from file names properly, allowing remote attackers to place a malicious file in a different location, possibly allowing the attacker to execute commands.
      Denial of service in Linux 2.2.0 running the ldd command on a core file.
      A race condition in Linux 2.2.1 allows local users to read arbitrary memory from /proc files.
      wget 1.5.3 follows symlinks to change permissions of the target file instead of the symlink itself.
      A bug in Cyrix CPUs on Linux allows local users to perform a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in the Mail-Max SMTP server for Windows systems allows remote command execution.
      A buffer overflow in lsof allows local users to obtain root privilege.
      Digital Unix Networker program nsralist has a buffer overflow which allows local users to obtain root privilege.
      By default, IIS 4.0 has a virtual directory /IISADMPWD which contains files that can be used as proxies for brute force password attacks, or to identify valid users on the system.
      Files created from interactive shell sessions in Cobalt RaQ microservers (e.g. .bash_history) are world readable, and thus are accessible from the web server.
      Buffer overflow in gnuplot in Linux version 3.5 allows local users to obtain root access.
      The cancel command in Solaris 2.6 (i386) has a buffer overflow that allows local users to obtain root access.
      Several startup scripts in SCO OpenServer Enterprise System v 5.0.4p, including S84rpcinit, S95nis, S85tcp, and S89nfs, are vulnerable to a symlink attack, allowing a local user to gain root access.
      In IIS and other web servers, an attacker can attack commands as SYSTEM if the server is running as SYSTEM and loading an ISAPI extension.
      A buffer overflow in the SGI X server allows local users to gain root access through the X server font path.
      In Linux before version 2.0.36, remote attackers can spoof a TCP connection and pass data to the application layer before fully establishing the connection.
      The HTTP server in Cisco 7xx series routers 3.2 through 4.2 is enabled by default, which allows remote attackers to change the router's configuration.
      Vulnerability in Cisco 7xx series routers allows a remote attacker to cause a system reload via a TCP connection to the router's TELNET port.
      64 bit Solaris 7 procfs allows local users to perform a denial of service.
      Denial of service in SMTP applications such as Sendmail, when a remote attacker (e.g. spammer) uses many "RCPT TO" commands in the same connection.
      When the Microsoft SMTP service attempts to send a message to a server and receives a 4xx error code, it quickly and repeatedly attempts to redeliver the message, causing a denial of service.
      umapfs allows local users to gain root privileges by changing their uid through a malicious mount_umap program.
      During a reboot after an installation of Linux Slackware 3.6, a remote attacker can obtain root access by logging in to the root account without a password.
      In some cases, NetBSD 1.3.3 mount allows local users to execute programs in some file systems that have the "noexec" flag set.
      Vulnerability in hpterm on HP-UX 10.20 allows local users to gain additional privileges.
      talkback in Netscape 4.5 allows a local user to overwrite arbitrary files of another user whose Netscape crashes.
      talkback in Netscape 4.5 allows a local user to kill an arbitrary process of another user whose Netscape crashes.
      The default permissions of /dev/kmem in Linux versions before 2.0.36 allows IP spoofing.
      Eudora 4.1 allows remote attackers to perform a denial of service by sending attachments with long file names.
      OpenSSL and SSLeay allow remote attackers to reuse SSL sessions and bypass access controls.
      The Lotus Notes 4.5 client may send a copy of encrypted mail in the clear across the network if the user does not set the "Encrypt Saved Mail" preference.
      Cisco Catalyst LAN switches running Catalyst 5000 supervisor software allows remote attackers to perform a denial of service by forcing the supervisor module to reload.
      Linux 2.2.3 and earlier allow a remote attacker to perform an IP fragmentation attack, causing a denial of service.
      This problem was fixed in Linux kernel 2.2.4 and later releases.
      ftp on HP-UX 11.00 allows local users to gain privileges.
      XFree86 startx command is vulnerable to a symlink attack, allowing local users to create files in restricted directories, possibly allowing them to gain privileges or cause a denial of service.
      XFree86 xfs command is vulnerable to a symlink attack, allowing local users to create files in restricted directories, possibly allowing them to gain privileges or cause a denial of service.
      MC/ServiceGuard and MC/LockManager in HP-UX allows local users to gain privileges through SAM.
      Domain Enterprise Server Management System (DESMS) in HP-UX allows local users to gain privileges.
      Remote attackers can perform a denial of service in WebRamp systems by sending a malicious string to the HTTP port.
      Remote attackers can perform a denial of service in WebRamp systems by sending a malicious UDP packet to port 5353, changing its IP address.
      Buffer overflow in procmail before version 3.12 allows remote or local attackers to execute commands via expansions in the procmailrc configuration file.
      The byte code verifier component of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) allows remote execution through malicious web pages.
      Remote attackers can perform a denial of service in WinGate machines using a buffer overflow in the Winsock Redirector Service.
      Solaris ff.core allows local users to modify files.
      Patrol management software allows a remote attacker to conduct a replay attack to steal the administrator password.
      Remote attackers can perform a denial of service in Windows machines using malicious ARP packets, forcing a message box display for each packet or filling up log files.
      In Cisco routers under some versions of IOS 12.0 running NAT, some packets may not be filtered by input access list filters.
      Local users can perform a denial of service in NetBSD 1.3.3 and earlier versions by creating an unusual symbolic link with the ln command, triggering a bug in VFS.
      Local users can gain privileges using the debug utility in the MPE/iX operating system.
      IIS 4.0 and Apache log HTTP request methods, regardless of how long they are, allowing a remote attacker to hide the URL they really request.
      The ExAir sample site in IIS 4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a direct request to the (1) advsearch.asp, (2) query.asp, or (3) search.asp scripts.
      In IIS, an attacker could determine a real path using a request for a non-existent URL that would be interpreted by Perl (perl.exe).
      Denial of service in Linux 2.0.36 allows local users to prevent any server from listening on any non-privileged port.
      A service or application has a backdoor password that was placed there by the developer.
      An attacker can identify a CISCO device by sending a SYN packet to port 1999, which is for the Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP).
      Please see the following link for more information:
http://seclists.org/bugtraq/1999/Jan/0215.html
      A remote attacker can sometimes identify the operating system of a host based on how it reacts to some IP or ICMP packets, using a tool such as nmap or queso.
      The Expression Evaluator sample application in ColdFusion allows remote attackers to read or delete files on the server via exprcalc.cfm, which does not restrict access to the server properly.
      Linux ftpwatch program allows local users to gain root privileges.
      L0phtcrack 2.5 used temporary files in the system TEMP directory which could contain password information.
      Local users can perform a denial of service in Alpha Linux, using MILO to force a reboot.
      Buffer overflow in Linux autofs module through long directory names allows local users to perform a denial of service.
      Versions of rpcbind including Linux, IRIX, and Wietse Venema's rpcbind allow a remote attacker to insert and delete entries by spoofing a source address.
      suidperl in Linux Perl does not check the nosuid mount option on file systems, allowing local users to gain root access by placing a setuid script in a mountable file system, e.g. a CD-ROM or floppy disk.
      Remote attackers can perform a denial of service using IRIX fcagent.
      Local users can perform a denial of service in Tripwire 1.2 and earlier using long filenames.
      Remote attackers can crash Lynx and Internet Explorer using an IMG tag with a large width parameter.
      The SVR4 /dev/wabi special device file in NetBSD 1.3.3 and earlier allows a local user to read or write arbitrary files on the disk associated with that device.
      The Webcom CGI Guestbook programs wguest.exe and rguest.exe allow a remote attacker to read arbitrary files using the "template" parameter.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 allows a remote server to read arbitrary files on the client's file system using the Microsoft Scriptlet Component.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 allows window spoofing, allowing a remote attacker to spoof a legitimate web site and capture information from the client.
      A weak encryption algorithm is used for passwords in Novell Remote.NLM, allowing them to be easily decrypted.
      The remote proxy server in Winroute allows a remote attacker to reconfigure the proxy without authentication through the "cancel" button.
      The SNMP default community name "public" is not properly removed in NetApps C630 Netcache, even if the administrator tries to disable it.
      The rsync command before rsync 2.3.1 may inadvertently change the permissions of the client's working directory to the permissions of the directory being transferred.
      The ICQ Webserver allows remote attackers to use .. to access arbitrary files outside of the user's personal directory.
      A race condition in how procmail handles .procmailrc files allows a local user to read arbitrary files available to the user who is running procmail.
      A weak encryption algorithm is used for passwords in SCO TermVision, allowing them to be easily decrypted by a local user.
      The Expression Evaluator in the ColdFusion Application Server allows a remote attacker to upload files to the server via openfile.cfm, which does not restrict access to the server properly.
      Denial of service in HP-UX sendmail 8.8.6 related to accepting connections.
      Denial of service Netscape Enterprise Server with VirtualVault on HP-UX VVOS systems.
      Local attackers can conduct a denial of service in Midnight Commander 4.x with a symlink attack.
      Denial of service in "poll" in OpenBSD.
      OpenBSD kernel crash through TSS handling, as caused by the crashme program.
      OpenBSD crash using nlink value in FFS and EXT2FS filesystems.
      Buffer overflow in OpenBSD ping.
      Remote attackers can cause a system crash through ipintr() in ipq in OpenBSD.
      Denial of service in AOL Instant Messenger when a remote attacker sends a malicious hyperlink to the receiving client, potentially causing a system crash.
      The DHTML Edit ActiveX control in Internet Explorer allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Internet Explorer 4.0 and 5.0 allows a remote attacker to execute security scripts in a different security context using malicious URLs, a variant of the "cross frame" vulnerability.
      MSHTML.DLL in Internet Explorer 5.0 allows a remote attacker to paste a file name into the file upload intrinsic control, a variant of "untrusted scripted paste" as described in MS:MS98-013.
      MSHTML.DLL in Internet Explorer 5.0 allows a remote attacker to learn information about a local user's files via an IMG SRC tag.
      The prompt parsing in bash allows a local user to execute commands as another user by creating a directory with the name of the command to execute.
      The ffingerd 1.19 allows remote attackers to identify users on the target system based on its responses.
      rpc.statd allows remote attackers to forward RPC calls to the local operating system via the SM_MON and SM_NOTIFY commands, which in turn could be used to remotely exploit other bugs such as in automountd.
      Denial of service in WinGate proxy through a buffer overflow in POP3.
      A remote attacker can gain access to a file system using ..  (dot dot) when accessing SMB shares.
      A Windows NT 4.0 user can gain administrative rights by forcing NtOpenProcessToken to succeed regardless of the user's permissions, aka GetAdmin.
      Anonymous FTP is enabled.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      Anonymous FTP is an unsecured protocol for Internet facing systems and should only be used on a limited basis to provide a specific functional requirement, otherwise disabled.  The software should be patched and configured properly.
      TFTP is not running in a restricted directory, allowing a remote attacker to access sensitive information such as password files.
      NETBIOS share information may be published through SNMP registry keys in NT.
      A Unix account has a guessable password.
      A Unix account has a default, null, blank, or missing password.
      A Windows NT local user or administrator account has a guessable password.
      A Windows NT local user or administrator account has a default, null, blank, or missing password.
      A Windows NT domain user or administrator account has a guessable password.
      A Windows NT domain user or administrator account has a default, null, blank, or missing password.
      An account on a router, firewall, or other network device has a guessable password.
      An account on a router, firewall, or other network device has a default, null, blank, or missing password.
      Perl, sh, csh, or other shell interpreters are installed in the cgi-bin directory on a WWW site, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      A router or firewall allows source routed packets from arbitrary hosts.
      IP forwarding is enabled on a machine which is not a router or firewall.
      A mail server is explicitly configured to allow SMTP mail relay, which allows abuse by spammers.
      ICMP messages to broadcast addresses are allowed, allowing for a Smurf attack that can cause a denial of service.
      UDP messages to broadcast addresses are allowed, allowing for a Fraggle attack that can cause a denial of service by flooding the target.
      An unrestricted remote trust relationship for Unix systems has been set up, e.g. by using a + sign in /etc/hosts.equiv.
      An SNMP community name is guessable.
      An SNMP community name is the default (e.g. public), null, or missing.
      A NETBIOS/SMB share password is guessable.
      A NETBIOS/SMB share password is the default, null, or missing.
      A system-critical NETBIOS/SMB share has inappropriate access control.
      An NIS domain name is easily guessable.
      The permissions for a system-critical NIS+ table (e.g. passwd) are inappropriate.
      ICMP echo (ping) is allowed from arbitrary hosts.
      ICMP information such as (1) netmask and (2) timestamp is allowed from arbitrary hosts.
      IP traceroute is allowed from arbitrary hosts.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      An X server's access control is disabled (e.g. through an "xhost +" command) and allows anyone to connect to the server.
      The permissions for system-critical data in an anonymous FTP account are inappropriate.  For example, the root directory is writeable by world, a real password file is obtainable, or executable commands such as "ls" can be overwritten.
      A router or firewall forwards external packets that claim to come from inside the network that the router/firewall is in front of.
      A router or firewall forwards packets that claim to come from IANA reserved or private addresses, e.g. 10.x.x.x, 127.x.x.x, 217.x.x.x, etc.
      A system is operating in "promiscuous" mode which allows it to perform packet sniffing.
      A DNS server allows zone transfers.
      A DNS server allows inverse queries.
      A Windows NT user has inappropriate rights or privileges, e.g. Act as System, Add Workstation, Backup, Change System Time, Create Pagefile, Create Permanent Object, Create Token Name, Debug, Generate Security Audit, Increase Priority, Increase Quota, Load Driver, Lock Memory, Profile Single Process, Remote Shutdown, Replace Process Token, Restore, System Environment, Take Ownership, or Unsolicited Input.
      A Windows NT account policy for passwords has inappropriate, security-critical settings, e.g. for password length, password age, or uniqueness.
      A configuration in a web browser such as Internet Explorer or Netscape Navigator allows execution of active content such as ActiveX, Java, Javascript, etc.
      A trust relationship exists between two Unix hosts.
      A password for accessing a WWW URL is guessable.
      The Windows NT guest account is enabled.
      An SSH server allows authentication through the .rhosts file.
      A superfluous NFS server is running, but it is not importing or exporting any file systems.
      Windows NT automatically logs in an administrator upon rebooting.
      A router's routing tables can be obtained from arbitrary hosts.
      HP OpenMail can be misconfigured to allow users to run arbitrary commands using malicious print requests.
      NFS exports system-critical data to the world, e.g. / or a password file.
      A Unix account with a name other than "root" has UID 0, i.e. root privileges.
      Two or more Unix accounts have the same UID.
      A system-critical Unix file or directory has inappropriate permissions.
      A system-critical Windows NT file or directory has inappropriate permissions.
      IIS has the #exec function enabled for Server Side Include (SSI) files.
      The registry in Windows NT can be accessed remotely by users who are not administrators.
      An attacker can force a printer to print arbitrary documents (e.g. if the printer doesn't require a password) or to become disabled.
      A Sendmail alias allows input to be piped to a program.
      An attacker can write to syslog files from any location, causing a denial of service by filling up the logs, and hiding activities.
      rpc.admind in Solaris is not running in a secure mode.
      A URL for a WWW directory allows auto-indexing, which provides a list of all files in that directory if it does not contain an index.html file.
      Windows NT is not using a password filter utility, e.g. PASSFILT.DLL.
      A router's configuration service or management interface (such as a web server or telnet) is configured to allow connections from arbitrary hosts.
      .reg files are associated with the Windows NT registry editor (regedit), making the registry susceptible to Trojan Horse attacks.
      A Windows NT system's user audit policy does not log an event success or failure, e.g. for Logon and Logoff, File and Object Access, Use of User Rights, User and Group Management, Security Policy Changes, Restart, Shutdown, and System, and Process Tracking.
      A Windows NT system's file audit policy does not log an event success or failure for security-critical files or directories.
      A Windows NT system's file audit policy does not log an event success or failure for non-critical files or directories.
      A Windows NT system's registry audit policy does not log an event success or failure for security-critical registry keys.
      A Windows NT system's registry audit policy does not log an event success or failure for non-critical registry keys.
      The HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE key in a Windows NT system has inappropriate, system-critical permissions.
      The HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT key in a Windows NT system has inappropriate, system-critical permissions.
      A Windows NT account policy has inappropriate, security-critical settings for lockout, e.g. lockout duration, lockout after bad logon attempts, etc.
      There is a one-way or two-way trust relationship between Windows NT domains.
      A Windows NT file system is not NTFS.
      A Windows NT administrator account has the default name of Administrator.
      A network service is running on a nonstandard port.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      A WWW server is not running in a restricted file system, e.g. through a chroot, thus allowing access to system-critical data.
      A filter in a router or firewall allows unusual fragmented packets.
      A system-critical Windows NT registry key has inappropriate permissions.
      A system does not present an appropriate legal message or warning to a user who is accessing it.
      An event log in Windows NT has inappropriate access permissions.
      The Logon box of a Windows NT system displays the name of the last user who logged in.
      The default setting for the Winlogon key entry ShutdownWithoutLogon in Windows NT allows users with physical access to shut down a Windows NT system without logging in.
      A Windows NT system does not restrict access to removable media drives such as a floppy disk drive or CDROM drive.
      A Windows NT system does not clear the system page file during shutdown, which might allow sensitive information to be recorded.
      A Windows NT log file has an inappropriate maximum size or retention period.
      A Windows NT account policy does not forcibly disconnect remote users from the server when their logon hours expire.
      A network intrusion detection system (IDS) does not properly handle packets that are sent out of order, allowing an attacker to escape detection.
      A network intrusion detection system (IDS) does not properly handle packets with improper sequence numbers.
      A network intrusion detection system (IDS) does not verify the checksum on a packet.
      A network intrusion detection system (IDS) does not properly handle data within TCP handshake packets.
      A network intrusion detection system (IDS) does not properly reassemble fragmented packets.
      In Windows NT, an inappropriate user is a member of a group, e.g. Administrator, Backup Operators, Domain Admins, Domain Guests, Power Users, Print Operators, Replicators, System Operators, etc.
      An incorrect configuration of the WebStore 1.0 shopping cart CGI program "web_store.cgi" could disclose private information.
      An incorrect configuration of the Order Form 1.0 shopping cart  CGI program could disclose private information.
      An incorrect configuration of the EZMall 2000 shopping cart  CGI program "mall2000.cgi" could disclose private information.
      quikstore.cgi in QuikStore shopping cart stores quikstore.cfg under the web document root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain the cleartext administrator password and gain privileges.
      An incorrect configuration of the PDG Shopping Cart CGI program "shopper.cgi" could disclose private information.
      An incorrect configuration of the SoftCart CGI program "SoftCart.exe" could disclose private information.
      An incorrect configuration of the Webcart CGI program could disclose private information.
      A system-critical Windows NT registry key has an inappropriate value.
      A version of finger is running that exposes valid user information to any entity on the network.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      The FTP Service should be disabled because it could reveal information about a host's users, which could be used as reconnaissance information for attacks. 
      The rpc.sprayd service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      rpc.sprayd is an unsecured protocol for Internet facing systems and should only be used on a trusted network segment, otherwise disabled.  The software should be patched and configured properly.  
      The rexec service is running.
      The rstat/rstatd service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      These are unsecured and obsolete protocols and they should be disabled.  
      The rpc.rquotad service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      rpc.rquotad is an unsecured and obsolete protocol and it should be disabled.  
      A version of rusers is running that exposes valid user information to any entity on the network.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      rusers is an unsecured and obsolete protocol and it should be disabled. 
      The rexd service is running, which uses weak authentication that can allow an attacker to execute commands.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      The rexd service is an unsecured protocol for Internet facing systems and should only be used on a trusted network segment, otherwise disabled.  The software should be patched and configured properly.
      The rwho/rwhod service is running, which exposes machine status and user information.
      The ident/identd service is running.
      The NT Alerter and Messenger services are running.
      The RPC portmapper service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      The RPC portmapper service is an unsecured protocol for Internet facing systems and should only be used on a trusted network segment, otherwise disabled.  The software should be patched and configured properly. 
      The echo service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      The Echo Service is an unsecured and obsolete protocol and it should be disabled.  Historically it has been used to perform denial of service attacks.
      The discard service is running.
      The systat service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      The systat service is an unsecured and obsolete protocol and it should be disabled because it can reveal information about a host's operations.  
      The daytime service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      The daytime service is an unsecured and obsolete protocol and it should be disabled.
      The chargen service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      chargen service is an unsecured and obsolete protocol and it should be disabled.  Historically it has been used to perform denial of service attacks.  Ping and traceroute can be used to provide the same functionality.
      The Gopher service is running.
      The UUCP service is running.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      The UUCP Service is an unsecured and obsolete protocol and it should be disabled.  
      The netstat service is running, which provides sensitive information to remote attackers.
      The rsh/rlogin service is running.
      A component service related to NIS+ is running.
      The OS/2 or POSIX subsystem in NT is enabled.
      The ugidd RPC interface, by design, allows remote attackers to enumerate valid usernames by specifying arbitrary UIDs that ugidd maps to local user and group names.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      WinGate is being used.
      This Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) entry is a configuration issue and not a software flaw. As such, it doesnt fit in the CVE software flaw list. The Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for this CVE entry has been set to 0 because this CVE entry has no impact as a software flaw according to CVSS. This does not mean that the configuration issue is not important and there may be security implications relative to computers having this configuration.
      A system is running a version of software that was replaced with a Trojan Horse at one of its distribution points, such as (1) TCP Wrappers 7.6, (2) util-linux 2.9g, (3) wuarchive ftpd (wuftpd) 2.2 and 2.1f, (4) IRC client (ircII) ircII 2.2.9, (5) OpenSSH 3.4p1, or (6) Sendmail 8.12.6.
      A system-critical program or library does not have the appropriate patch, hotfix, or service pack installed, or is outdated or obsolete.
      A system-critical program, library, or file has a checksum or other integrity measurement that indicates that it has been modified.
      An application-critical Windows NT registry key has inappropriate permissions.
      An application-critical Windows NT registry key has an inappropriate value.
      The ARP protocol allows any host to spoof ARP replies and poison the ARP cache to conduct IP address spoofing or a denial of service.
      The scriptlet.typelib ActiveX control is marked as "safe for scripting" for Internet Explorer, which allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands as demonstrated by Bubbleboy.
      The Eyedog ActiveX control is marked as "safe for scripting" for Internet Explorer, which allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands as demonstrated by Bubbleboy.
      Buffer overflow in the Eyedog ActiveX control allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in ToxSoft NextFTP client through CWD command.
      Buffer overflow in Fujitsu Chocoa IRC client via IRC channel topics.
      Buffer overflow in ALMail32 POP3 client via From: or To: headers.
      The BSD profil system call allows a local user to modify the internal data space of a program via profiling and execve.
      Check Point FireWall-1 can be subjected to a denial of service via UDP packets that are sent through VPN-1 to port 0 of a host.
      sdtcm_convert in Solaris 2.6 allows a local user to overwrite sensitive files via a symlink attack.
      The WebRamp web administration utility has a default password.
      A default configuration of Apache on Debian GNU/Linux sets the ServerRoot to /usr/doc, which allows remote users to read documentation files for the entire server.
      Buffer overflow in hybrid-6 IRC server commonly used on EFnet allows remote attackers to execute commands via m_invite invite option.
      Windows NT Terminal Server performs extra work when a client opens a new connection but before it is authenticated, allowing for a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft FrontPage Server Extensions (PWS) 3.0.2.926 on Windows 95, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL.
      Microsoft Exchange 5.5 allows a remote attacker to relay email (i.e. spam) using encapsulated SMTP addresses, even if the anti-relaying features are enabled.
      Denial of service in Gauntlet Firewall via a malformed ICMP packet.
      Denial of service in Sendmail 8.8.6 in HPUX.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape Communicator via EMBED tags in the pluginspage option.
      Denial of service in Netscape Enterprise Server (NES) in HP Virtual Vault (VVOS) via a long URL.
      The ToolTalk ttsession daemon uses weak RPC authentication, which allows a remote attacker to execute commands.
      Buffer overflows in HP Software Distributor (SD) for HPUX 10.x and 11.x.
      The CDE dtspcd daemon allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a symlink attack.
      HP CDE program includes the current directory in root's PATH variable.
      Buffer overflow in the AddSuLog function of the CDE dtaction utility allows local users to gain root privileges via a long user name.
      The default configuration of the Array Services daemon (arrayd) disables authentication, allowing remote users to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in TT_SESSION environment variable in ToolTalk shared library allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Denial of service in AIX ptrace system call allows local users to crash the system.
      The Sybase PowerDynamo personal web server allows attackers to read arbitrary files through a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in CDE Calendar Manager Service Daemon (rpc.cmsd).
      SCO Doctor allows local users to gain root privileges through a Tools option.
      Denial of service in IP protocol logger (ippl) on Red Hat and Debian Linux.
      The Bluestone Sapphire web server allows session hijacking via easily guessable session IDs.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Phone Dialer (dialer.exe), via a malformed dialer entry in the dialer.ini file.
      After an unattended installation of Windows NT 4.0, an installation file could include sensitive information such as the local Administrator password.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 and 5.01 allows remote attackers to modify or execute files via the Import/Export Favorites feature, aka the "ImportExportFavorites" vulnerability.
      OpenBSD, BSDI, and other Unix operating systems allow users to set chflags and fchflags on character and block devices.
      Buffer overflow in Berkeley automounter daemon (amd) logging facility provided in the Linux am-utils package and others.
      Buffer overflow in INN inews program.
      Linux xmonisdn package allows local users to gain root privileges by modifying the IFS or PATH environmental variables.
      The default FTP configuration in HP Visualize Conference allows conference users to send a file to other participants without authorization.
      Buffer overflow in cfingerd allows local users to gain root privileges via a long GECOS field.
      The Squid package in Red Hat Linux 5.2 and 6.0, and other distributions, installs cachemgr.cgi in a public web directory, which allows remote attackers to use it as an intermediary to connect to other systems.
      The oratclsh interpreter in Oracle 8.x Intelligent Agent for Unix allows local users to execute Tcl commands as root.
      A vulnerability in Caldera Open Administration System (COAS) allows the /etc/shadow password file to be made world-readable.
      The dtlogin program in Compaq Tru64 UNIX allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in Compaq Tru64 UNIX edauth command.
      Buffer overflow in Remote Access Service (RAS) client allows an attacker to execute commands or cause a denial of service via a malformed phonebook entry.
      Buffer overflow in Windows NT 4.0 help file utility via a malformed help file.
      A remote attacker can disable the virus warning mechanism in Microsoft Excel 97.
      IBM GINA, when used for OS/2 domain authentication of Windows NT users, allows local users to gain administrator privileges by changing the GroupMapping registry key.
      The Guile plugin for the Gnumeric spreadsheet package allows attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      The pt_chown command in Linux allows local users to modify TTY terminal devices that belong to other users.
      Denial of service in Windows NT Local Security Authority (LSA) through a malformed LSA request.
      The default configuration of Cobalt RaQ2 servers allows remote users to install arbitrary software packages.
      The Windows NT Client Server Runtime Subsystem (CSRSS) can be subjected to a denial of service when all worker threads are waiting for user input.
      Buffer overflow in OpenBSD procfs and fdescfs file systems via uio_offset in the readdir() function.
      When IIS is run with a default language of Chinese, Korean, or Japanese, it allows a remote attacker to view the source code of certain files, a.k.a. "Double Byte Code Page".
      An attacker can conduct a denial of service in Windows NT by executing a program with a malformed file image header.
      A kernel leak in the OpenBSD kernel allows IPsec packets to be sent unencrypted.
      A Windows NT user can disable the keyboard or mouse by directly calling the IOCTLs which control them.
      Buffer overflow in Lotus Notes LDAP (NLDAP) allows an attacker to conduct a denial of service through the ldap_search request.
      The zsoelim program in the Debian man-db package allows local users to overwrite files via a symlink attack.
      The KDE klock program allows local users to unlock a session using malformed input.
      The logging facility of the Debian smtp-refuser package allows local users to delete arbitrary files using symbolic links.
      Buffer overflow in VMWare 1.0.1 for Linux via a long HOME environmental variable.
      A default configuration of CiscoSecure Access Control Server (ACS) allows remote users to modify the server database without authentication.
      KDE K-Mail allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack in temporary user directories.
      The showcode.asp sample file in IIS and Site Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      The viewcode.asp sample file in IIS and Site Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      The code.asp sample file in IIS and Site Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      The codebrws.asp sample file in IIS and Site Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Remote attackers can cause a denial of service on Linux in.telnetd telnet daemon through a malformed TERM environmental variable.
      QMS CrownNet Unix Utilities for 2060 allows root to log on without a password.
      The Debian mailman package uses weak authentication, which allows attackers to gain privileges.
      Trn allows local users to overwrite other users' files via symlinks.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape Enterprise Server and FastTrask Server allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a long HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in Source Code Browser Program Database Name Server Daemon (pdnsd) for the IBM AIX C Set ++ compiler.
      A default configuration of in.identd in SuSE Linux waits 120 seconds between requests, allowing a remote attacker to conduct a denial of service.
      Denial of service in BSDi Symmetric Multiprocessing (SMP) when an fstat call is made when the system has a high CPU load.
      Buffer overflows in Red Hat net-tools package.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Telnet client in Windows 95 and Windows 98 via a malformed Telnet argument.
      Hotmail allows Javascript to be executed via the HTML STYLE tag, allowing remote attackers to execute commands on the user's Hotmail account.
      Buffer overflow in Accept command in Netscape Enterprise Server 3.6 with the SSL Handshake Patch.
      Denial of service in Netscape Enterprise Server via a buffer overflow in the SSL handshake.
      The w3-msql CGI script provided with Mini SQL allows remote attackers to view restricted directories.
      The INN inndstart program allows local users to gain privileges by specifying an alternate configuration file using the INNCONF environmental variable.
      Windows NT RRAS and RAS clients cache a user's password even if the user has not selected the "Save password" option.
      ColdFusion Administrator with Advanced Security enabled allows remote users to stop the ColdFusion server via the Start/Stop utility.
      The ColdFusion CFCRYPT program for encrypting CFML templates has weak encryption, allowing attackers to decrypt the templates.
      Netscape Enterprise 3.5.1 and FastTrack 3.01 servers allow a remote attacker to view source code to scripts by appending a %20 to the script's URL.
      Buffer overflow in FuseMAIL POP service via long USER and PASS commands.
      Undocumented ColdFusion Markup Language (CFML) tags and functions in the ColdFusion Administrator allow users to gain additional privileges.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD fts library routines allows local user to modify arbitrary files via the periodic program.
      When Javascript is embedded within the TITLE tag, Netscape Communicator allows a remote attacker to use the "about" protocol to gain access to browser information.
      NetBSD on a multi-homed host allows ARP packets on one network to modify ARP entries on another connected network.
      NetBSD allows ARP packets to overwrite static ARP entries.
      SGI IRIX midikeys program allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a text editor.
      The Microsoft Java Virtual Machine allows a malicious Java applet to execute arbitrary commands outside of the sandbox environment.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris libc, ufsrestore, and rcp via LC_MESSAGES environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in Vixie Cron on Red Hat systems via the MAILTO environmental variable.
      Vixie Cron on Linux systems allows local users to set parameters of sendmail commands via the MAILTO environmental variable.
      Firewall-1 sets a long timeout for connections that begin with ACK or other packets except SYN, allowing an attacker to conduct a denial of service via a large number of connection attempts to unresponsive systems.
      The web components of Compaq Management Agents and the Compaq Survey Utility allow a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Denial of service in Compaq Management Agents and the Compaq Survey Utility via a long string sent to port 2301.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris lpset program allows local users to gain root access.
      Buffer overflows in Mars NetWare Emulation (NWE, mars_nwe) package via long directory names.
      Cisco Gigabit Switch routers running IOS allow remote attackers to forward unauthorized packets due to improper handling of the "established" keyword in an access list.
      Alibaba HTTP server allows remote attackers to read files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      IIS FTP servers may allow a remote attacker to read or delete files on the server, even if they have "No Access" permissions.
      Buffer overflow in Xi Graphics Accelerated-X server allows local users to gain root access via a long display or query parameter.
      Denial of service in HP-UX SharedX recserv program.
      KDE klock allows local users to kill arbitrary processes by specifying an arbitrary PID in the .kss.pid file.
      KDE allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by setting the KDEDIR environmental variable to modify the search path that KDE uses to locate its executables.
      KDE kppp allows local users to create a directory in an arbitrary location via the HOME environmental variable.
      FreeBSD allows local users to conduct a denial of service by creating a hard link from a device special file to a file on an NFS file system.
      Denial of service in Oracle TNSLSNR SQL*Net Listener via a malformed string to the listener port, aka NERP.
      The INN inndstart program allows local users to gain root privileges via the "pathrun" parameter in the inn.conf file.
      The dynamic linker in Solaris allows a local user to create arbitrary files via the LD_PROFILE environmental variable and a symlink attack.
      The SSH authentication agent follows symlinks via a UNIX domain socket.
      Arkiea nlservd allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in AIX ftpd in the libc library.
      A remote attacker can read information from a Netscape user's cache via JavaScript.
      Hybrid Network cable modems do not include an authentication mechanism for administration, allowing remote attackers to compromise the system through the HSMP protocol.
      ROUTERmate has a default SNMP community name which allows remote attackers to modify its configuration.
      Internet Explorer allows remote attackers to read files by redirecting data to a Javascript applet.
      Microsoft Excel does not warn a user when a macro is present in a Symbolic Link (SYLK) format file.
      The NIS+ rpc.nisd server allows remote attackers to execute certain RPC calls without authentication to obtain system information, disable logging, or modify caches.
      FreeBSD T/TCP Extensions for Transactions can be subjected to spoofing attacks.
      NIS finger allows an attacker to conduct a denial of service via a large number of finger requests, resulting in a large number of NIS queries.
      Buffer overflow in bootpd on OpenBSD, FreeBSD, and Linux systems via a malformed header type.
      Buffer overflow in bootpd 2.4.3 and earlier via a long boot file location.
      The GetFile.cfm file in Allaire Forums allows remote attackers to read files through a parameter to GetFile.cfm.
      BMC Patrol allows remote attackers to gain access to an agent by spoofing frames.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 5 allows remote attackers to execute commands via a malformed Favorites icon.
      The fwluser script in AIX eNetwork Firewall allows local users to write to arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Denial of service in Linux 2.2.x kernels via malformed ICMP packets containing unusual types, codes, and IP header lengths.
      Novell NetWare Transaction Tracking System (TTS) in Novell 4.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of requests.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris dtprintinfo program.
      The Netscape Directory Server installation procedure leaves sensitive information in a file that is accessible to local users.
      Multiple buffer overflows in ISC DHCP Distribution server (dhcpd) 1.0 and 2.0 allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary commands via long options.
      Netscape Communicator 4.x with Javascript enabled does not warn a user of cookie settings, even if they have selected the option to "Only accept cookies originating from the same server as the page being viewed".
      Denial of service in Samba NETBIOS name service daemon (nmbd).
      Buffer overflow in Samba smbd program via a malformed message command.
      Race condition in Samba smbmnt allows local users to mount file systems in arbitrary locations.
      Cfingerd with ALLOW_EXECUTION enabled does not properly drop privileges when it executes a program on behalf of the user, allowing local users to gain root privileges.
      Red Hat pump DHCP client allows remote attackers to gain root access in some configurations.
      Memory leak in SNMP agent in Windows NT 4.0 before SP5 allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via a large number of queries.
      The Motorola CableRouter allows any remote user to connect to and configure the router on port 1024.
      Lynx WWW client allows a remote attacker to specify command-line parameters which Lynx uses when calling external programs to handle certain protocols, e.g. telnet.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris kcms_configure via a long NETPATH environmental variable.
      NTMail does not disable the VRFY command, even if the administrator has explicitly disabled it.
      FreeBSD seyon allows users to gain privileges via a modified PATH variable for finding the xterm and seyon-emu commands.
      FreeBSD seyon allows local users to gain privileges by providing a malicious program in the -emulator argument.
      Buffer overflow in Qpopper (qpop) 3.0 allows remote root access via AUTH command.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD xmindpath allows local users to gain privileges via -f argument.
      A Windows NT user can use SUBST to map a drive letter to a folder, which is not unmapped after the user logs off, potentially allowing that user to modify the location of folders accessed by later users.
      The default permissions for UnixWare /var/mail allow local users to read and modify other users' mail.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD angband allows local users to gain privileges.
      By default, Internet Explorer 5.0 and other versions enables the "Navigate sub-frames across different domains" option, which allows frame spoofing.
      UnixWare pkg commands such as pkginfo, pkgcat, and pkgparam allow local users to read arbitrary files via the dacread permission.
      HP Secure Web Console uses weak encryption.
      Buffer overflow in SCO UnixWare Xsco command via a long argument.
      Denial of service in Linux syslogd via a large number of connections.
      Buffer overflow in NFS server on Linux allows attackers to execute commands via a long pathname.
      Buffer overflow in BIND 8.2 via NXT records.
      Buffer overflow in RSAREF2 via the encryption and decryption functions in the RSAREF library.
      Denial of service in BIND named via malformed SIG records.
      UnixWare uidadmin allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Denial of service in BIND by improperly closing TCP sessions via so_linger.
      Buffer overflow in Serv-U FTP 2.5 allows remote users to conduct a denial of service via the SITE command.
      Windows NT Task Scheduler installed with Internet Explorer 5 allows a user to gain privileges by modifying the job after it has been scheduled.
      Buffer overflow in CDE dtmail and dtmailpr programs allows local users to gain privileges via a long -f option.
      Buffer overflow in CDE mailtool allows local users to gain root privileges via a long MIME Content-Type.
      Symantec Mail-Gear 1.0 web interface server allows remote users to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Denial of service in Cisco routers running NAT via a PORT command from an FTP client to a Telnet port.
      Denial of service in MDaemon WorldClient and WebConfig services via a long URL.
      Buffer overflow in SCO su program allows local users to gain root access via a long username.
      Denial of service in MDaemon 2.7 via a large number of connection attempts.
      Buffer overflow in free internet chess server (FICS) program, xboard.
      Denial of service in BIND named via consuming more than "fdmax" file descriptors.
      Denial of service in BIND named via maxdname.
      The default permissions for Endymion MailMan allow local users to read email or modify files.
      Denial of service in BIND named via naptr.
      IBM WebSphere sets permissions that allow a local user to modify a deinstallation script or its data files stored in /usr/bin.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape Enterprise Server and Netscape FastTrack Server allows remote attackers to gain privileges via the HTTP Basic Authentication procedure.
      Ultimate Bulletin Board stores data files in the cgi-bin directory, allowing remote attackers to view the data if an error occurs when the HTTP server attempts to execute the file.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD gdc program.
      login in Slackware 7.0 allows remote attackers to identify valid users on the system by reporting an encryption error when an account is locked or does not exist.
      FreeBSD gdc program allows local users to modify files via a symlink attack.
      Internet Explorer 5 allows a remote attacker to modify the IE client's proxy configuration via a malicious Web Proxy Auto-Discovery (WPAD) server.
      Solaris arp allows local users to read files via the -f parameter, which lists lines in the file that do not parse properly.
      Solaris chkperm allows local users to read files owned by bin via the VMSYS environmental variable and a symlink attack.
      Race condition in the SSL ISAPI filter in IIS and other servers may leak information in plaintext.
      Insecure directory permissions in RPM distribution for PostgreSQL allows local users to gain privileges by reading a plaintext password file.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD seyon via HOME environmental variable, -emulator argument, -modems argument, or the GUI.
      UnixWare programs that dump core allow a local user to modify files via a symlink attack on the ./core.pid file.
      Buffer overflow in CommuniGatePro via a long string to the HTTP configuration port.
      Buffer overflow in UnixWare xauto program allows local users to gain root privilege.
      Denial of service in IIS 4.0 via a flood of HTTP requests with malformed headers.
      ucbmail allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters that are passed to it from INN.
      Internet Explorer 3.x to 4.01 allows a remote attacker to insert malicious content into a frame of another web site, aka frame spoofing.
      Internet Explorer 4.01 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by pasting a file name into the file upload control, aka untrusted scripted paste.
      Internet Explorer 4.0 and 4.01 allow a remote attacker to read files via IE's cross frame security, aka the "Cross Frame Navigate" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in Vixie cron allows local users to gain root access via a long MAILTO environment variable in a crontab file.
      Buffer overflow in Skyfull mail server via MAIL FROM command.
      Buffer overflow in IIS 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed request for files with .HTR, .IDC, or .STM extensions.
      DHCP clients with ICMP Router Discovery Protocol (IRDP) enabled allow remote attackers to modify their default routes.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 4.0 via EMBED tag.
      Internet Explorer 5 allows remote attackers to read files via an ExecCommand method called on an IFRAME.
      Buffer overflow in WU-FTPD and related FTP servers allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via MAPPING_CHDIR.
      Buffer overflow in WU-FTPD and related FTP servers allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via macro variables in a message file.
      Denial of service in WU-FTPD via the SITE NEWER command, which does not free memory properly.
      Falcon web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Falcon web server allows remote attackers to determine the absolute path of the web root via long file names.
      Zeus web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the file name in an option to the search engine.
      The Zeus web server administrative interface uses weak encryption for its passwords.
      Alibaba web server allows remote attackers to execute commands via a pipe character in a malformed URL.
      The security descriptor for RASMAN allows users to point to an alternate location via the Windows NT Service Control Manager.
      FTGate web interface server allows remote attackers to read files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      dbsnmp in Oracle Intelligent Agent allows local users to gain privileges by setting the ORACLE_HOME environmental variable, which dbsnmp uses to find the nmiconf.tcl script.
      Cisco 675 routers running CBOS allow remote attackers to establish telnet sessions if an exec or superuser password has not been set.
      iHTML Merchant allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or execute commands via a code parsing error.
      The "download behavior" in Internet Explorer 5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a server-side redirect.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape Communicator before 4.7 via a dynamic font whose length field is less than the size of the font.
      userOsa in SCO OpenServer allows local users to corrupt files via a symlink attack.
      Red Hat Linux screen program does not use Unix98 ptys, allowing local users to write to other terminals.
      Firewall-1 does not properly restrict access to LDAP attributes.
      Buffer overflow in RealNetworks RealServer administration utility allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long username and password.
      iChat ROOMS Webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflows in Windows NT 4.0 print spooler allow remote attackers to gain privileges or cause a denial of service via a malformed spooler request.
      The Windows NT 4.0 print spooler allows a local user to execute arbitrary commands due to inappropriate permissions that allow the user to specify an alternate print provider.
      Buffer overflow in rpc.yppasswdd allows a local user to gain privileges via MD5 hash generation.
      ypserv allows a local user to modify the GECOS and login shells of other users.
      ypserv allows local administrators to modify password tables.
      genfilt in the AIX Packet Filtering Module does not properly filter traffic to destination ports greater than 32767.
      Buffer overflow in BFTelnet allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long username.
      Denial of service in Axent Raptor firewall via malformed zero-length IP options.
      Buffer overflow in sccw allows local users to gain root access via the HOME environmental variable.
      sccw allows local users to read arbitrary files.
      Denial of service in Solaris TCP streams driver via a malicious connection that causes the server to panic as a result of recursive calls to mutex_enter.
      Multihomed Windows systems allow a remote attacker to bypass IP source routing restrictions via a malformed packet with IP options, aka the "Spoofed Route Pointer" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Site Server and Commercial Internet System (MCIS) do not set an expiration for a cookie, which could then be cached by a proxy and inadvertently used by a different user.
      Buffer overflow in ProFTPD, wu-ftpd, and beroftpd allows remote attackers to gain root access via a series of MKD and CWD commands that create nested directories.
      FreeBSD VFS cache (vfs_cache) allows local users to cause a denial of service by opening a large number of files.
      dfire.cgi script in Dragon-Fire IDS allows remote users to execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in the FTP client in the Debian GNU/Linux netstd package.
      URL Live! web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      WebTrends software stores account names and passwords in a file which does not have restricted access permissions.
      The Preloader ActiveX control used by Internet Explorer allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Denial of service in various Windows systems via malformed, fragmented IGMP packets.
      A memory leak in a Motorola CableRouter allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a large number of telnet connections.
      Buffer overflow in the pop-2d POP daemon in the IMAP package allows remote attackers to gain privileges via the FOLD command.
      BMC Patrol allows any remote attacker to flood its UDP port, causing a denial of service.
      An example application in ColdFusion Server 4.0 allows remote attackers to view source code via the sourcewindow.cfm file.
      Sample runnable code snippets in ColdFusion Server 4.0 allow remote attackers to read files, conduct a denial of service, or use the server as a proxy for other HTTP calls.
      The Syntax Checker in ColdFusion Server 4.0 allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service.
      UnityMail allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a large number of MIME headers.
      Apache allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a large number of MIME headers.
      NTMail allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in SmartDesk WebSuite allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL.
      Novell NetWare with Novell-HTTP-Server or YAWN web servers allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a large number of HTTP GET requests.
      wwwboard allows a remote attacker to delete message board articles via a malformed argument.
      Buffer overflow in Mediahouse Statistics Server allows remote attackers to execute commands.
      Mediahouse Statistics Server allows remote attackers to read the administrator password, which is stored in cleartext in the ss.cfg file.
      TeamTrack web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      classifieds.cgi allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via shell metacharacters.
      classifieds.cgi allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by specifying them in a hidden variable in a CGI form.
      BNBSurvey survey.cgi program allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      BNBForm allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the automessage hidden form variable.
      MBone SDR Package allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters in Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) messages.
      Denial of service in Debian IRC Epic/epic4 client via a long string.
      Buffer overflow in mutt mail client allows remote attackers to execute commands via malformed MIME messages.
      Mutt mail client allows a remote attacker to execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      UnixWare dos7utils allows a local user to gain root privileges by using the STATICMERGE environmental variable to find a script which it executes.
      Buffer overflow in OpenLink 3.2 allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a long GET request to the web configurator.
      IBM WebSphere ikeyman tool uses weak encryption to store a password for a key database that is used for SSL connections.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Mail Service (IMS) for Microsoft Exchange 5.5 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via AUTH or AUTHINFO commands.
      Buffer overflow in Yamaha MidiPlug via a Text variable in an EMBED tag.
      AN-HTTPd provides example CGI scripts test.bat, input.bat, input2.bat, and envout.bat, which allow remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in uum program for Canna input system allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in canuum program for Canna input system allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in WFTPD FTP server allows remote attackers to gain root access via	a series of MKD and CWD commands that create nested directories.
      Buffer overflow in OmniHTTPd CGI program imagemap.exe allows remote attackers to execute commands.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris lpstat via class argument allows local users to gain root access.
      WWWBoard stores encrypted passwords in a password file that is under the web root and thus accessible by remote attackers.
      WWWBoard has a default username and default password.
      Race condition in wu-ftpd and BSDI ftpd allows remote attackers to gain root access via the SITE EXEC command.
      The NeXT NetInfo _writers property allows local users to gain root privileges or conduct a denial of service.
      MajorCool mj_key_cache program allows local users to modify files via a symlink attack.
      sudo 1.5.x allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      IRIX startmidi program allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      IRIX cdplayer allows local users to create directories in arbitrary locations via a command line option.
      HPUX sysdiag allows local users to gain root privileges via a symlink attack during log file creation.
      Buffer overflow in HPUX passwd command allows local users to gain root privileges via a command line option.
      FreeBSD mount_union command allows local users to gain root privileges via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD setlocale in the libc module allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long PATH_LOCALE environment variable.
      Race condition in xterm allows local users to modify arbitrary files via the logging option.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris getopt in libc allows local users to gain root privileges via a long argv[0].
      Buffer overflow in the HTML library used by Internet Explorer, Outlook Express, and Windows Explorer via the res: local resource protocol.
      Buffer overflow in BNC IRC proxy allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      The Windows NT RPC service allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service using spoofed malformed RPC packets which generate an error message that is sent to the spoofed host, potentially setting up a loop, aka Snork.
      The OmniHTTPD visadmin.exe program allows a remote attacker to conduct a denial of service via a malformed URL which causes a large number of temporary files to be created.
      Buffer overflow in Exim allows local users to gain root privileges via a long :include: option in a .forward file.
      Buffer overflow in Xshipwars xsw program.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris snoop program allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via a long domain name when snoop is running in verbose mode.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris snoop allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via GETQUOTA requests to the rpc.rquotad service.
      The Windows help system can allow a local user to execute commands as another user by editing a table of contents metafile with a .CNT extension and modifying the topic action to include the commands to be executed when the .hlp file is accessed.
      Sendmail allows local users to reinitialize the aliases database via the newaliases command, then cause a denial of service by interrupting Sendmail.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris sadmind allows remote attackers to gain root privileges using a NETMGT_PROC_SERVICE request.
      htdig allows remote attackers to execute commands via filenames with shell metacharacters.
      The SCO UnixWare privileged process system allows local users to gain root privileges by using a debugger such as gdb to insert traps into _init before the privileged process is executed.
      Windows NT Service Control Manager (SCM) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed argument in a resource enumeration request.
      Internet Explorer 5.01 and earlier allows a remote attacker to create a reference to a client window and use a server-side redirect to access local files via that window, aka "Server-side Page Reference Redirect."
      The Sun Web-Based Enterprise Management (WBEM) installation script stores a password in plaintext in a world readable file.
      Whois Internic Lookup program whois.cgi allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters in the domain entry.
      Matt's Whois program whois.cgi allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters in the domain entry.
      CC Whois program whois.cgi allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters in the domain entry.
      The ping command in Linux 2.0.3x allows local users to cause a denial of service by sending large packets with the -R (record route) option.
      Windows NT does not properly download a system policy if the domain user logs into the domain with a space at the end of the domain name.
      UnixWare pkgtrans allows local users to read arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 5 directshow filter (MSDXM.OCX) allows remote attackers to execute commands via the vnd.ms.radio protocol.
      Error messages generated by gdm with the VerboseAuth setting allows an attacker to identify valid users on a system.
      Buffer overflow in GoodTech Telnet Server NT allows remote users to cause a denial of service via a long login name.
      HP VirtualVault with the PHSS_17692 patch allows unprivileged processes to bypass access restrictions via the Trusted Gateway Proxy (TGP).
      Modifications to ACLs (Access Control Lists) in Microsoft Exchange  5.5 do not take effect until the directory store cache is refreshed.
      Windows NT with SYSKEY reuses the keystream that is used for encrypting SAM password hashes, allowing an attacker to crack passwords.
      Windows NT Local Security Authority (LSA) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed arguments to the LsaLookupSids function which looks up the SID, aka "Malformed Security Identifier Request."
      Buffer overflow in Infoseek Ultraseek search engine allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long GET request.
      wu-ftp with FTP conversion enabled allows an attacker to execute commands via a malformed file name that is interpreted as an argument to the program that does the conversion, e.g. tar or uncompress.
      Cisco Cache Engine allows an attacker to replace content in the cache.
      Microsoft SQL 7.0 server allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a malformed TDS packet.
      The web administration interface for Cisco Cache Engine allows remote attackers to view performance statistics.
      Cisco Cache Engine allows a remote attacker to gain access via a null username and password.
      Netscape Navigator uses weak encryption for storing a user's Netscape mail password.
      War FTP Daemon 1.70 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by flooding it with connections.
      Buffer overflow in the POP server POProxy for the Norton Anti-Virus protection NAV2000 program via a large USER command.
      Groupwise web server GWWEB.EXE allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files with .htm extensions via a .. (dot dot) attack using the HELP parameter.
      Groupwise web server GWWEB.EXE allows remote attackers to determine the real path of the web server via the HELP parameter.
      Buffer overflow in VDO Live Player allows remote attackers to execute commands on the VDO client via a malformed .vdo file.
      xsoldier program allows local users to gain root access via a long argument.
      The Disney Go Express Search allows remote attackers to access and modify search information for users by connecting to an HTTP server on the user's system.
      An SSH 1.2.27 server allows a client to use the "none" cipher, even if it is not allowed by the server policy.
      The Remote Data Service (RDS) DataFactory component of Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC) in IIS 3.x and 4.x exposes unsafe methods, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      SMTP component of Lotus Domino 4.6.1 on AS/400, and possibly other operating systems, allows a remote attacker to crash the mail server via a long string.
      named-xfer in AIX 4.1.5 and 4.2.1 allows members of the system group to overwrite system files to gain root access via the -f parameter and a malformed zone file.
      Buffer overflow in mail command in Solaris 2.7 and 2.7 allows local users to gain privileges via a long -m argument.
      Buffer overflow in Apple AppleShare Mail Server 5.0.3 on MacOS 8.1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HELO command.
      Microsoft HTML control as used in (1) Internet Explorer 5.0, (2) FrontPage Express, (3) Outlook Express 5, and (4) Eudora, and possibly others, allows remote malicious web site or HTML emails to cause a denial of service (100% CPU consumption) via large HTML form fields such as text inputs in a table cell.
      Seattle Labs Emurl 2.0, and possibly earlier versions, stores e-mail attachments in a specific directory with scripting enabled, which allows a malicious ASP file attachment to execute when the recipient opens the message.
      IPChains in Linux kernels 2.2.10 and earlier does not reassemble IP fragments before checking the header information, which allows a remote attacker to bypass the filtering rules using several fragments with 0 offsets.
      SpectroSERVER in Cabletron Spectrum Enterprise Manager 5.0 installs a directory tree with insecure permissions, which allows local users to replace a privileged executable (processd) with a Trojan horse, facilitating a root or Administrator compromise.
      The installation of Novell Netware NDS 5.99 provides an unauthenticated client with Read access for the tree, which allows remote attackers to access sensitive information such as users, groups, and readable objects via CX.EXE and NLIST.EXE.
      NFS on SunOS 4.1 through 4.1.2 ignores the high order 16 bits in a 32 bit UID, which allows a local user to gain root access if the lower 16 bits are set to 0, as fixed by the NFS jumbo patch upgrade.
      serial_ports administrative program in IRIX 4.x and 5.x trusts the user's PATH environmental variable to find and execute the ls program, which allows local users to gain root privileges via a Trojan horse ls program.
      useradd in Solaris 7.0 does not properly interpret certain date formats as specified in the "-e" (expiration date) argument, which could allow users to login after their accounts have expired.
      ip_print procedure in Tcpdump 3.4a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a packet with a zero length header, which causes an infinite loop and core dump when tcpdump prints the packet.
      CDE screen lock program (screenlock) on Solaris 2.6 does not properly lock an unprivileged user's console session when the host is an NIS+ client, which allows others with physical access to login with any string.
      aspppd on Solaris 2.5 x86 allows local users to modify arbitrary files and gain root privileges via a symlink attack on the /tmp/.asppp.fifo file.
      Solaris 2.6 HW3/98 installs admintool with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges by replacing it with a Trojan horse program.
      Symantec pcAnywhere 8.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU utilization) via a large amount of data to port 5631.
      SSH server (sshd2) before 2.0.12 does not properly record login attempts if the connection is closed before the maximum number of tries, allowing a remote attacker to guess the password without showing up in the audit logs.
      counter.exe 2.70 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (hang) via an HTTP request that ends in %0A (newline), which causes a malformed entry in the counter log that produces an access violation.
      counter.exe 2.70 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (hang) via a long argument.
      Vulnerability in LAT/Telnet Gateway (lattelnet) on Ultrix 4.1 and 4.2 allows attackers to gain root privileges.
      Microsoft Outlook Express before 4.72.3612.1700 allows a malicious user to send a message that contains a .., which can inadvertently cause Outlook to re-enter POP3 command mode and cause the POP3 session to hang.
      Vulnerability in login in AT&T System V Release 4 allows local users to gain privileges.
      IIS 3.0 and 4.0 on x86 and Alpha allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a malformed GET request, aka the IIS "GET" vulnerability.
      COPS 1.04 allows local users to overwrite or create arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files in (1) res_diff, (2) ca.src, and (3) mail.chk.
      rex.satan in SATAN 1.1.1 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the /tmp/rex.$$ file.
      Tiger 2.2.3 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on various temporary files in Tiger's default working directory, as defined by the WORKDIR variable.
      Vulnerability in (1) diskalign and (2) diskperf in IRIX 6.4 patches 2291 and 2848 allow a local user to create root-owned files leading to a root compromise.
      Vulnerabilities in (1) ipxchk and (2) ipxlink in NetWare Client 1.0 on IRIX 6.3 and 6.4 allows local users to gain root access via a modified IFS environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in mscreen on SCO OpenServer 5.0 and SCO UNIX 3.2v4 allows a local user to gain root access via (1) a long TERM environmental variable and (2) a long entry in the .mscreenrc file.
      Cisco Resource Manager (CRM) 1.0 and 1.1 creates world-readable log files and temporary files, which may expose sensitive information, to local users such as user IDs, passwords and SNMP community strings.
      Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 and 5.0 does not properly handle (1) malformed NNTP data, or (2) malformed SMTP data, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application error).
      Vulnerability in Advanced File System Utility (advfs) in Digital UNIX 4.0 through 4.0d allows local users to gain privileges.
      pnserver in RealServer 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a short, malformed request.
      Buffer overflow in IMonitor in IMail 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long string to port 8181.
      When BSDI patches for Gauntlet 5.0 BSDI are installed in a particular order, Gauntlet allows remote attackers to bypass firewall access restrictions, and does not log the activities.
      Buffer overflow in bash 2.0.0, 1.4.17, and other versions allows local attackers to gain privileges by creating an extremely large directory name, which is inserted into the password prompt via the \w option in the PS1 environmental variable when another user changes into that directory.
      ARCserve NT agents use weak encryption (XOR) for passwords, which allows remote attackers to sniff the authentication request to port 6050 and decrypt the password.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Matt Wright FormHandler.cgi script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via (1) a .. (dot dot) in the reply_message_attach attachment parameter, or (2) by specifying the filename as a template.
      Default configuration in Matt Wright FormHandler.cgi script allows arbitrary directories to be used for attachments, and only restricts access to the /etc/ directory, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the reply_message_attach attachment parameter.
      Microsoft FrontPage stores form results in a default location in /_private/form_results.txt, which is world-readable and accessible in the document root, which allows remote attackers to read possibly sensitive information submitted by other users.
      guestbook.pl cleanses user-inserted SSI commands by removing text between "<!--" and "-->" separators, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands when guestbook.pl is run on Apache 1.3.9 and possibly other versions, since Apache allows other closing sequences besides "-->".
      The default configuration of FLEXlm license manager 6.0d, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to shut down the server via the lmdown command.
      Microsoft Excel 97 does not warn the user before executing worksheet functions, which could allow attackers to execute arbitrary commands by using the CALL function to execute a malicious DLL, aka the Excel "CALL Vulnerability."
      VMS 4.0 through 5.3 allows local users to gain privileges via the ANALYZE/PROCESS_DUMP dcl command.
      Buffer overflow in Vermillion FTP Daemon VFTPD 1.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via several long CWD commands.
      Vulnerability in rexec daemon (rexecd) in AT&T TCP/IP 4.0 for various SVR4 systems allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in Tetrix TetriNet daemon 1.13.16 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands by connecting to port 31457 from a host with a long DNS hostname.
      HP Laserjet printers with JetDirect cards, when configured with TCP/IP, can be configured without a password, which allows remote attackers to connect to the printer and change its IP address or disable logging.
      HP Laserjet printers with JetDirect cards, when configured with TCP/IP, allow remote attackers to bypass print filters by directly sending PostScript documents to TCP ports 9099 and 9100.
      CDomain whois_raw.cgi whois CGI script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the fqdn parameter.
      Multiple buffer overflows in WindowMaker 0.52 through 0.60.0 allow attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands by executing WindowMaker with a long program name (argv[0]).
      Palm Pilot HotSync Manager 3.0.4 in Windows 98 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long string to port 14238 while the manager is in network mode.
      Quake 1 server responds to an initial UDP game connection request with a large amount of traffic, which allows remote attackers to use the server as an amplifier in a "Smurf" style attack on another host, by spoofing the connection request.
      SGI MachineInfo CGI program, installed by default on some web servers, prints potentially sensitive system status information, which could be used by remote attackers for information gathering activities.
      Oracle Webserver 2.1, when serving PL/SQL stored procedures, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in carbo.dll in iCat Carbo Server 3.0.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the icatcommand parameter.
      Buffer overflow in ping CGI program in Xylogics Annex terminal service allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long query parameter.
      Excite for Web Servers (EWS) 1.1 installs the Architext.conf authentication file with world-writeable permissions, which allows local users to gain access to Excite accounts by modifying the file.
      Excite for Web Servers (EWS) 1.1 allows local users to gain privileges by obtaining the encrypted password from the world-readable Architext.conf authentication file and replaying the encrypted password in an HTTP request to AT-generated.cgi or AT-admin.cgi.
      Excite for Web Servers (EWS) 1.1 records the first two characters of a plaintext password in the beginning of the encrypted password, which makes it easier for an attacker to guess passwords via a brute force or dictionary attack.
      Webmin before 0.5 does not restrict the number of invalid passwords that are entered for a valid username, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges via brute force password cracking.
      inetd in AIX 4.1.5 dynamically assigns a port N when starting ttdbserver (ToolTalk server), but also inadvertently listens on port N-1 without passing control to ttdbserver, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of connections to port N-1, which are not properly closed by inetd.
      Idle locking function in MacOS 9 allows local users to bypass the password protection of idled sessions by selecting the "Log Out" option and selecting a "Cancel" option in the dialog box for an application that attempts to verify that the user wants to log out, which returns the attacker into the locked session.
      Idle locking function in MacOS 9 allows local attackers to bypass the password protection of idled sessions via the programmer's switch or CMD-PWR keyboard sequence, which brings up a debugger that the attacker can use to disable the lock.
      WS_FTP Pro 6.0 uses weak encryption for passwords in its initialization files, which allows remote attackers to easily decrypt the passwords and gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in ptrace in AIX 4.3 allows local users to gain privileges by attaching to a setgid program.
      rmmount in SunOS 5.7 may mount file systems without the nosuid flag set, contrary to the documentation and its use in previous versions of SunOS, which could allow local users with physical access to gain root privileges by mounting a floppy or CD-ROM that contains a setuid program and running volcheck, when the file systems do not have the nosuid option specified in rmmount.conf.
      Vulnerability in files.pl script in Novell WebServer Examples Toolkit 2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Jana proxy web server 1.40 allows remote attackers to ready arbitrary files via a "......" (modified dot dot) attack.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Jana proxy web server 1.45 allows remote attackers to ready arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The "AEDebug" registry key is installed with insecure permissions, which allows local users to modify the key to specify a Trojan Horse debugger which is automatically executed on a system crash.
      SSH 1.2.25, 1.2.23, and other versions, when used in in CBC (Cipher Block Chaining) or CFB (Cipher Feedback 64 bits) modes, allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary data into an existing stream between an SSH client and server by using a known plaintext attack and computing a valid CRC-32 checksum for the packet, aka the "SSH insertion attack."
      Novell 5 and earlier, when running over IPX with a packet signature level less than 3, allows remote attackers to gain administrator privileges by spoofing the MAC address in IPC fragmented packets that make NetWare Core Protocol (NCP) calls.
      Internet Explorer 4 treats a 32-bit number ("dotless IP address") in the a URL as the hostname instead of an IP address, which causes IE to apply Local Intranet Zone settings to the resulting web page, allowing remote malicious web servers to conduct unauthorized activities by using URLs that contain the dotless IP address for their server.
      Vulnerability in chsh command in HP-UX 9.X through 10.20 allows local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in chfn command in HP-UX 9.X through 10.20 allows local users to gain privileges via a long command line argument.
      The default configuration of NCSA Telnet package for Macintosh and PC enables FTP, even though it does not include an "ftp=yes" line, which allows remote attackers to read and modify arbitrary files.
      UNIX news readers tin and rtin create the /tmp/.tin_log file with insecure permissions and follow symlinks, which allows attackers to modify the permissions of files writable by the user via a symlink attack.
      tin 1.40 creates the .tin directory with insecure permissions, which allows local users to read passwords from the .inputhistory file.
      Buffer overflow in the Window.External function in the JScript Scripting Engine in Internet Explorer 4.01 SP1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malicious web page.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Explorer 4.01 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long URL with the "mk:" protocol, aka the "MK Overrun security issue."
      sort creates temporary files and follows symbolic links, which allows local users to modify arbitrary files that are writable by the user running sort, as observed in updatedb and other programs that use sort.
      Buffer overflow in kscreensaver in KDE klock allows local users to gain root privileges via a long HOME environmental variable.
      Microsoft NetMeeting 2.1 allows one client to read the contents of another client's clipboard via a CTRL-C in the chat box when the box is empty.
      Vulnerability in BSD Telnet client with encryption and Kerberos 4 authentication allows remote attackers to decrypt the session via sniffing.
      Kerberos 4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a malformed UDP packet that generates an error string that inadvertently includes the realm name and the last user.
      Cisco PIX Private Link 4.1.6 and earlier does not properly process certain commands in the configuration file, which reduces the effective key length of the DES key to 48 bits instead of 56 bits, which makes it easier for an attacker to find the proper key via a brute force attack.
      Kabsoftware Lydia utility uses weak encryption to store user passwords in the lydia.ini file, which allows local users to easily decrypt the passwords and gain privileges.
      lpr on SunOS 4.1.1, BSD 4.3, A/UX 2.0.1, and other BSD-based operating systems allows local users to create or overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack that is triggered after invoking lpr 1000 times.
      dxconsole in DEC OSF/1 3.2C and earlier allows local users to read arbitrary files by specifying the file with the -file parameter.
      Windows 95 uses weak encryption for the password list (.pwl) file used when password caching is enabled, which allows local users to gain privileges by decrypting the passwords.
      Windows 95, when Remote Administration and File Sharing for NetWare Networks is enabled, creates a share (C$) when an administrator logs in remotely, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by mapping the network drive.
      Buffer overflow in kppp in KDE allows local users to gain root access via a long -c (account_name) command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in kppp in KDE allows local users to gain root access via a long PATH environmental variable.
      Sendmail before 8.10.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a series of ETRN commands then disconnecting from the server, while Sendmail continues to process the commands after the connection has been terminated.
      Windows Media Player ActiveX object as used in Internet Explorer 5.0 returns a specific error code when a file does not exist, which allows remote malicious web sites to determine the existence of files on the client.
      Vulnerability in StackGuard before 1.21 allows remote attackers to bypass the Random and Terminator Canary security mechanisms by using a non-linear attack which directly modifies a pointer to a return address instead of using a buffer overflow to reach the return address entry itself.
      Buffer overflow in IrfanView32 3.07 and earlier allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long string after the "8BPS" image type in a Photo Shop image header.
      Buffer overflow in Eudora Internet Mail Server (EIMS) 2.01 and earlier on MacOS systems allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long USER command to port 106.
      Buffer overflow in Korn Shell (ksh) suid_exec program on IRIX 6.x and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in the /etc/suid_exec program in HP Apollo Domain/OS sr10.2 and sr10.3 beta, related to the Korn Shell (ksh).
      Vulnerability in runpriv in Indigo Magic System Administration subsystem of SGI IRIX 6.3 and 6.4 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      lquerypv in AIX 4.1 and 4.2 allows local users to read arbitrary files by specifying the file in the -h command line parameter.
      ndd in Solaris 2.6 allows local users to cause a denial of service by modifying certain TCP/IP parameters.
      FTP installation script anon.ftp in AIX insecurely configures anonymous FTP, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      netprint in SGI IRIX 6.4 and earlier trusts the PATH environmental variable for finding and executing the disable program, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      The default configuration for UUCP in AIX before 3.2 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in restore in SunOS 4.0.3 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
      The installation of Sun Source (sunsrc) tapes allows local users to gain root privileges via setuid root programs (1) makeinstall or (2) winstall.
      HTTP Client application in ColdFusion allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for web pages on other ports by providing the target page to the mainframeset.cfm application, which requests the page from the server, making it look like the request is coming from the local host.
      Oracle Webserver 2.1 and earlier runs setuid root, but the configuration file is owned by the oracle account, which allows any local or remote attacker who obtains access to the oracle account to gain privileges or modify arbitrary files by modifying the configuration file.
      Cisco Resource Manager (CRM) 1.1 and earlier creates certain files with insecure permissions that allow local users to obtain sensitive configuration information including usernames, passwords, and SNMP community strings, from (1) swim_swd.log, (2) swim_debug.log, (3) dbi_debug.log, and (4) temporary files whose names begin with "DPR_".
      Windows NT 4.0 does not properly shut down invalid named pipe RPC connections, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a series of connections containing malformed data, aka the "Named Pipes Over RPC" vulnerability.
      Internet Explorer 3.01 on Windows 95 allows remote malicious web sites to execute arbitrary commands via a .isp file, which is automatically downloaded and executed without prompting the user.
      Cisco Catalyst 2900 Virtual LAN (VLAN) switches allow remote attackers to inject 802.1q frames into another VLAN by forging the VLAN identifier in the trunking tag.
      Default configuration of the search engine in Netscape Enterprise Server 3.5.1, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to read the source of JHTML files by specifying a search command using the HTML-tocrec-demo1.pat pattern file.
      Buffer overflow in OSF Distributed Computing Environment (DCE) security demon (secd) in IRIX 6.4 and earlier allows attackers to cause a denial of service via a long principal, group, or organization.
      Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via extra source routing data such as (1) a Routing Information Field (RIF) field with a hop count greater than 7, or (2) a list containing duplicate Token Ring IDs.
      HP-UX 9.x and 10.x running X windows may allow local attackers to gain privileges via (1) vuefile, (2) vuepad, (3) dtfile, or (4) dtpad, which do not authenticate users.
      Vulnerability in Vue 3.0 in HP 9.x allows local users to gain root privileges, as fixed by PHSS_4038, PHSS_4055, and PHSS_4066.
      Vulnerability in VUE 3.0 in HP 9.x allows local users to gain root privileges, as fixed by PHSS_4994 and PHSS_5438.
      Vulnerability in Predictive on HP-UX 11.0 and earlier, and MPE/iX 5.5 and earlier, allows attackers to compromise data transfer for Predictive messages (using e-mail or modem) between customer and Response Center Predictive systems.
      The permissions for the /dev/audio device on Solaris 2.2 and earlier, and SunOS 4.1.x, allow any local user to read from the device, which could be used by an attacker to monitor conversations happening near a machine that has a microphone.
      SCO UNIX System V/386 Release 3.2, and other SCO products, installs the home directories (1) /tmp for the dos user, and (2) /usr/tmp for the asg user, which allows other users to gain access to those accounts since /tmp and /usr/tmp are world-writable.
      Character-Terminal User Environment (CUE) in HP-UX 11.0 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain root privileges via a symlink attack on the IOERROR.mytty file.
      Buffer overflow in CrackLib 2.5 may allow local users to gain root privileges via a long GECOS field.
      Ascom Timeplex router allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or conduct unauthorized activities by entering debug mode through a sequence of CTRL-D characters.
      SunOS 4.1.2 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via "LD_*" environmental variables to certain dynamically linked setuid or setgid programs such as (1) login, (2) su, or (3) sendmail, that change the real and effective user ids to the same user.
      Vulnerability in runtime linker program rld in SGI IRIX 6.x and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via setuid and setgid programs.
      Certain files in MPower in HP-UX 10.x are installed with insecure permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in Glance programs in GlancePlus for HP-UX 10.20 and earlier allows local users to access arbitrary files and gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in Glance and gpm programs in GlancePlus for HP-UX 9.x and earlier allows local users to access arbitrary files and gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in Platinum Policy Compliance Manager (PCM) 7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long string to the Agent port (1827), which is handled by smaxagent.exe.
      FTP service in IIS 4.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via many passive (PASV) connections at the same time.
      Buffer overflow in CSM Proxy 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long string to the FTP port.
      Livingston Portmaster routers running ComOS use the same initial sequence number (ISN) for TCP connections, which allows remote attackers to conduct spoofing and hijack TCP sessions.
      Compaq/Microcom 6000 Access Integrator does not cause a session timeout after prompting for a username or password, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by connecting to the integrator without providing a username or password.
      Compaq/Microcom 6000 Access Integrator does not disconnect a client after a certain number of failed login attempts, which allows remote attackers to guess usernames or passwords via a brute force attack.
      HAMcards Postcard CGI script 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the recipient email address.
      LakeWeb Filemail CGI script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the recipient email address.
      LakeWeb Mail List CGI script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the recipient email address.
      BisonWare FTP Server 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed PORT command that contains a non-numeric character and a large number of carriage returns.
      Tcpip.sys in Windows NT 4.0 before SP4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an ICMP Subnet Mask Address Request packet, when certain multiple IP addresses are bound to the same network interface.
      Buffer overflow in (1) pluggable authentication module (PAM) on Solaris 2.5.1 and 2.5 and (2) unix_scheme in Solaris 2.4 and 2.3 allows local users to gain root privileges via programs that use these modules such as passwd, yppasswd, and nispasswd.
      SSH 2.0.11 and earlier allows local users to request remote forwarding from privileged ports without being root.
      Vulnerability in ftpd/kftpd in HP-UX 10.x and 9.x allows local and possibly remote users to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in ppl in HP-UX 10.x and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges by forcing ppl to core dump.
      Vulnerability in passwd in SCO UNIX 4.0 and earlier allows attackers to cause a denial of service by preventing users from being able to log into the system.
      Vulnerability in HP Series 800 S/X/V Class servers allows remote attackers to gain access to the S/X/V Class console via the Service Support Processor (SSP) Teststation.
      Microsoft Outlook client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending multiple email messages with the same X-UIDL headers, which causes Outlook to hang.
      GNU fingerd 1.37 does not properly drop privileges before accessing user information, which could allow local users to (1) gain root privileges via a malicious program in the .fingerrc file, or (2) read arbitrary files via symbolic links from .plan, .forward, or .project files.
      Linux 2.0.37 does not properly encode the Custom segment limit, which allows local users to gain root privileges by accessing and modifying kernel memory.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Third Voice Web annotation utility allows remote users to read sensitive data and generate fake web pages for other Third Voice users by injecting malicious Javascript into an annotation.
      install.iss installation script for Internet Security Scanner (ISS) for Linux, version 5.3, allows local users to change the permissions of arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      nobo 1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a series of large UDP packets.
      IPswitch IMail allows local users to gain additional privileges and modify or add mail accounts by setting the "flags" registry key to 1920.
      IPswitch WS_FTP allows local users to gain additional privileges and modify or add mail accounts by setting the "flags" registry key to 1920.
      By design, Maximizer Enterprise 4 calendar and address book program allows arbitrary users to modify the calendar of other users when the calendar is being shared.
      Corel Word Perfect 8 for Linux creates a temporary working directory with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to (1) modify Word Perfect behavior by modifying files in the working directory, or (2) modify files of other users via a symlink attack.
      ZIP drive for Iomega ZIP-100 disks allows attackers with physical access to the drive to bypass password protection by inserting a known disk with a known password, waiting for the ZIP drive to power down, manually replacing the known disk with the target disk, and using the known password to access the target disk.
      Web Cache Control Protocol (WCCP) in Cisco Cache Engine for Cisco IOS 11.2 and earlier does not use authentication, which allows remote attackers to redirect HTTP traffic to arbitrary hosts via WCCP packets to UDP port 2048.
      Buffer overflow in cidentd ident daemon allows local users to gain root privileges via a long line in the .authlie script.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in nph-publish before 1.2 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the pathname for an upload operation.
      Sambar Server 4.1 beta allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information about the server via an HTTP request for the dumpenv.pl script.
      Vulnerability in man.sh CGI script, included in May 1998 issue of SysAdmin Magazine, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      O'Reilly WebSite 1.1e and Website Pro 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in an argument to (1) args.cmd or (2) args.bat.
      O'Reilly has corrected this issue in WebSite Professional 2.5, which is now available from:  http://website.oreilly.com
      Vulnerability in On-Line Customer Registration software for IRIX 6.2 through 6.4 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in run-time linkers (1) ld.so or (2) ld-linux.so for Linux systems allows local users to gain privileges by calling a setuid program with a long program name (argv[0]) and forcing ld.so/ld-linux.so to report an error.
      System Manager sysmgr GUI in SGI IRIX 6.4 and 6.3 allows remote attackers to execute commands by providing a trojan horse (1) runtask or (2) runexec descriptor file, which is used to execute a System Manager Task when the user's Mailcap entry supports the x-sgi-task or x-sgi-exec type.
      Buffer overflow in Elm 2.4 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via a long TERM environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in SCO mscreen allows local users to gain root privileges via a long terminal entry (TERM) in the .mscreenrc file.
      rxvt, when compiled with the PRINT_PIPE option in various Linux operating systems including Linux Slackware 3.0 and RedHat 2.1, allows local users to gain root privileges by specifying a malicious program using the -print-pipe command line parameter.
      Pine before version 3.94 allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack on a lockfile that is created when a user receives new mail.
      mysqld in MySQL 3.21 creates log files with world-readable permissions, which allows local users to obtain passwords for users who are added to the user database.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape Navigator/Communicator 4.7 for Windows 95 and Windows 98 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long argument after the ? character in a URL that references an .asp, .cgi, .html, or .pl file.
      Buffer overflow in POP3 server of Admiral Systems EmailClub 1.05 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long "From" header in an e-mail message.
      Buffer overflow in chkey in Solaris 2.5.1 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in eeprom in Solaris 2.5.1 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      The "me" user in NeXT NeXTstep 2.1 and earlier has wheel group privileges, which could allow the me user to use the su command to become root.
      chroot in Digital Ultrix 4.1 and 4.0 is insecurely installed, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      NAI VirusScan NT 4.0.2 does not properly modify the scan.dat virus definition file during an update via FTP, but it reports that the update was successful, which could cause a system administrator to believe that the definitions have been updated correctly.
      Hummingbird Exceed X version 5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed data to port 6000.
      Upgrade to a non-vulnerable version of Exceed (Hummingbird Exceed 6.0.1 Hummingbird Exceed 6.0.2 Hummingbird Exceed 6.1)
      TIOCCONS in SunOS 4.1.1 does not properly check the permissions of a user who tries to redirect console output and input, which could allow a local user to gain privileges.
      BuildDisk program on NeXT systems before 2.0 does not prompt users for the root password, which allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Apache WWW server 1.3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large number of MIME headers with the same name, aka the "sioux" vulnerability.
      Vintra SMTP MailServer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed "EXPN *@" command.
      Windows 95 and Windows 98 systems, when configured with multiple TCP/IP stacks bound to the same MAC address, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (traffic amplification) via a certain ICMP echo (ping) packet, which causes all stacks to send a ping response, aka TCP Chorusing.
      StarTech (1) POP3 proxy server and (2) telnet server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long USER command.
      Multilink PPP for ISDN dialup users in Ascend before 4.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a spoofed endpoint identifier.
      Check Point Firewall-1 does not properly handle certain restricted keywords (e.g., Mail, auth, time) in user-defined objects, which could produce a rule with a default "ANY" address and result in access to more systems than intended by the administrator.
      nettune in HP-UX 10.01 and 10.00 is installed setuid root, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by modifying critical networking configuration information.
      SystemSoft SystemWizard package in HP Pavilion PC with Windows 98, and possibly other platforms and operating systems, installs two ActiveX controls that are marked as safe for scripting, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malicious web page that references (1) the Launch control, or (2) the RegObj control.
      Buffer overflow in web-admin tool in NetXRay 2.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in ping in AIX 4.2 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      Vulnerability in scoterm in SCO OpenServer 5.0 and SCO Open Desktop/Open Server 3.0 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      xterm in Digital UNIX 4.0B *with* patch kit 5 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a core dump file, which is created when xterm is called with a DISPLAY environmental variable set to a display that xterm cannot access.
      Vulnerability in in.telnetd in SunOS 4.1.1 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in in.rlogind in SunOS 4.0.3 and 4.0.3c allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in telnet service in HP-UX 10.30 allows attackers to cause a denial of service.
      The asynchronous I/O facility in 4.4 BSD kernel does not check user credentials when setting the recipient of I/O notification, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by using certain ioctl and fcntl calls to cause the signal to be sent to an arbitrary process ID.
      LOGIN.EXE program in Novell Netware 4.0 and 4.01 temporarily writes user name and password information to disk, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Cisco routers 9.17 and earlier allow remote attackers to bypass security restrictions via certain IP source routed packets that should normally be denied using the "no ip source-route" command.
      The PATH in Windows NT includes the current working directory (.), which could allow local users to gain privileges by placing Trojan horse programs with the same name as commonly used system programs into certain directories.
      Vulnerability in finger in Commodore Amiga UNIX 2.1p2a and earlier allows local users to read arbitrary files.
      Vulnerability in sgihelp in the SGI help system and print manager in IRIX 5.2 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges, possibly through the clogin command.
      Majordomo 1.94.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands when the advertise or noadvertise directive is used in a configuration file, via shell metacharacters in the Reply-To header.
      dxchpwd in Digital Unix (OSF/1) 3.x allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the dxchpwd.log file.
      Netbt.sys in Windows NT 4.0 allows remote malicious DNS servers to cause a denial of service (crash) by returning 0.0.0.0 as the IP address for a DNS host name lookup.
      IIS 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a request to an ASP page in which the URL contains a large number of / (forward slash) characters.
      IMAP 4.1 BETA, and possibly other versions, does not properly handle the SIGABRT (abort) signal, which allows local users to crash the server (imapd) via certain sequences of commands, which causes a core dump that may contain sensitive password information.
      rpc.mountd on Linux, Ultrix, and possibly other operating systems, allows remote attackers to determine the existence of a file on the server by attempting to mount that file, which generates different error messages depending on whether the file exists or not.
      Netscape Communicator 4.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long certificate key.
      Ethereal allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the packet capture file.
      Various modems that do not implement a guard time, or are configured with a guard time of 0, can allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary modem commands such as ATH, ATH0, etc., via a "+++" sequence that appears in ICMP packets, the subject of an e-mail message, IRC commands, and others.
      Quake 2 server 3.13 on Linux does not properly check file permissions for the config.cfg configuration file, which allows local users to read arbitrary files via a symlink from config.cfg to the target file.
      Quake 2 server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a spoofed UDP packet with a source address of 127.0.0.1, which causes the server to attempt to connect to itself.
      ssh 2.0.12, and possibly other versions, allows valid user names to attempt to enter the correct password multiple times, but only prompts an invalid user name for a password once, which allows remote attackers to determine user account names on the server.
      Untrusted search path vulnerability in day5datacopier in SGI IRIX 6.2 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a modified PATH environment variable that points to a malicious cp program.
      IIS 4.0 does not properly restrict access for the initial session request from a user's IP address if the address does not resolve to a DNS domain, aka the "Domain Resolution" vulnerability.
      LSA (LSASS.EXE) in Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a NULL policy handle in a call to (1) SamrOpenDomain, (2) SamrEnumDomainUsers, and (3) SamrQueryDomainInfo.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 records the username and password for FTP servers in the URL history, which could allow (1) local users to read the information from another user's index.dat, or (2) people who are physically observing ("shoulder surfing") another user to read the information from the status bar when the user moves the mouse over a link.
      Internet Anywhere Mail Server 2.3.1 stores passwords in plaintext in the msgboxes.dbf file, which could allow local users to gain privileges by extracting the passwords from msgboxes.dbf.
      Multiple buffer overflows in smbvalid/smbval SMB authentication library, as used in Apache::AuthenSmb and possibly other modules, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via (1) a long username, (2) a long password, and (3) other unspecified methods.
      Vulnerability in CORE-DIAG fileset in HP message catalog in HP-UX 9.05 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
      HP-UX 9.x does not properly enable the Xauthority mechanism in certain conditions, which could allow local users to access the X display even when they have not explicitly been authorized to do so.
      Buffer overflow in cddbd CD database server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long log message.
      Internet Explorer, with a security setting below Medium, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malicious web page that uses the FileSystemObject ActiveX object.
      Vulnerability in subnetconfig in HP-UX 9.01 and 9.0 allows local users to gain privileges.
      SGI Desktop Permissions Tool in IRIX 6.0.1 and earlier allows local users to modify permissions for arbitrary files and gain privileges.
      IPFilter 3.2.3 through 3.2.10 allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the saved output file.
      vacm ucd-snmp SNMP server, version 3.52, does not properly disable access to the public community string, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      This vulnerability was fixed in version 3.6 of ucd-snmpd.
      Direct Mailer feature in Microsoft Site Server 3.0 saves user domain names and passwords in plaintext in the TMLBQueue network share, which has insecure default permissions, allowing remote attackers to read the passwords and gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in HP Camera component of HP DCE/9000 in HP-UX 9.x allows attackers to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in Support Watch (aka SupportWatch) in HP-UX 8.0 through 9.0 allows local users to gain privileges.
      movemail in HP-UX 10.20 has insecure permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in CGI program in the Lasso application by Blue World, as used on WebSTAR and other servers, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Vulnerability in direct audio user space code on HP-UX 10.20 and 10.10 allows local users to cause a denial of service.
      Vulnerability in a certain system call in SCO UnixWare 2.0.x and 2.1.0 allows local users to access arbitrary files and gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in a kernel error handling routine in SCO OpenServer 5.0.2 and earlier, and SCO Internet FastStart 1.0, allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Windows 95, 98, and NT 4.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service by spoofing ICMP redirect messages from a router, which causes Windows to change its routing tables.
      Hyperseek allows remote attackers to modify the hyperseek configuration by directly calling the admin.cgi program with an edit_file action parameter.
      Oracle Database Assistant 1.0 in Oracle 8.0.3 Enterprise Edition stores the database master password in plaintext in the spoolmain.log file when a new database is created, which allows local users to obtain the password from that file.
      Xyplex terminal server 6.0.1S1, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to bypass the password prompt by entering (1) a CTRL-Z character, or (2) a ? (question mark).
      rpc.pwdauthd in SunOS 4.1.1 and earlier does not properly prevent remote access to the daemon, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive system information.
      Microsoft Office 98, Macintosh Edition, does not properly initialize the disk space used by Office 98 files and effectively inserts data from previously deleted files into the Office file, which could allow attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      mSQL (Mini SQL) 2.0.6 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive server information such as logged users, database names, and server version via the ServerStats query.
      Buffer overflow in Rainbow Six Multiplayer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long nickname (nick) command.
      Java in Netscape 4.5 does not properly restrict applets from connecting to other hosts besides the one from which the applet was loaded, which violates the Java security model and could allow remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities.
      Metamail before 2.7-7.2 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via an e-mail message containing a uuencoded attachment that specifies the full pathname for the file to be modified, which is processed by uuencode in Metamail scripts such as sun-audio-file.
      WebRamp M3 router does not disable remote telnet or HTTP access to itself, even when access has been explicitly disabled.
      SMTP server in SLmail 3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed commands whose arguments begin with a "(" (parenthesis) character, such as (1) SEND, (2) VRFY, (3) EXPN, (4) MAIL FROM, (5) RCPT TO.
      rsh daemon (rshd) generates different error messages when a valid username is provided versus an invalid name, which allows remote attackers to determine valid users on the system.
      KDE file manager (kfm) uses a TCP server for certain file operations, which allows remote attackers to modify arbitrary files by sending a copy command to the server.
      Vulnerability in KDE konsole allows local users to hijack or observe sessions of other users by accessing certain devices.
      Screen savers in KDE beta 3 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the .kss.pid file.
      KMail in KDE 1.0 provides a PGP passphrase as a command line argument to other programs, which could allow local users to obtain the passphrase and compromise the PGP keys of other users by viewing the arguments via programs that list process information, such as ps.
      Macromedia Dreamweaver uses weak encryption to store FTP passwords, which could allow local users to easily decrypt the passwords of other users.
      Buffer overflows in CDROM Confidence Test program (cdrom) allow local users to gain root privileges.
      Squid Internet Object Cache 1.1.20 allows users to bypass access control lists (ACLs) by encoding the URL with hexadecimal escape sequences.
      iPass RoamServer 3.1 creates temporary files with world-writable permissions.
      Lotus cc:Mail release 8 stores the postoffice password in plaintext in a hidden file which has insecure permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      fte-console in the fte package before 0.46b-4.1 does not drop root privileges, which allows local users to gain root access via the virtual console device.
      BackWeb client stores the username and password in cleartext for proxy authentication in the Communication registry key, which could allow other local users to gain privileges by reading the password.
      nlog CGI scripts do not properly filter shell metacharacters from the IP address argument, which could allow remote attackers to execute certain commands via (1) nlog-smb.pl or (2) rpc-nlog.pl.
      An interaction between the AS/400 shared folders feature and Microsoft SNA Server 3.0 and earlier allows users to view each other's folders when the users share the same Local APPC LU.
      Hummingbird Exceed 6.0.1.0 inadvertently includes a DLL that was meant for development and testing, which logs user names and passwords in cleartext in the test.log file.
      Development version of Breeze Network Server allows remote attackers to cause the system to reboot by accessing the configbreeze CGI program.
      RealSystem G2 server stores the administrator password in cleartext in a world-readable configuration file, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      Opera 3.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a URL that contains an extra / in the http:// tag.
      NukeNabber allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by connecting to the NukeNabber port (1080) without sending any data, which causes the CPU usage to rise to 100% from the report.exe program that is executed upon the connection.
      Linux 2.1.132 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) by reading a large buffer from a random device (e.g. /dev/urandom), which cannot be interrupted until the read has completed.
      addnetpr in SGI IRIX 6.2 and earlier allows local users to modify arbitrary files and possibly gain root access via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      Vulnerability in Analog 3.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the forms interface.
      Samba 1.9.18 inadvertently includes a prototype application, wsmbconf, which is installed with incorrect permissions including the setgid bit, which allows local users to read and write files and possibly gain privileges via bugs in the program.
      ICQ 98 beta on Windows NT leaks the internal IP address of a client in the TCP data segment of an ICQ packet instead of the public address (e.g. through NAT), which provides remote attackers with potentially sensitive information about the client or the internal network configuration.
      Buffer overflow in nftp FTP client version 1.40 allows remote malicious FTP servers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long response string.
      TCP/IP implementation in Microsoft Windows 95, Windows NT 4.0, and possibly others, allows remote attackers to reset connections by forcing a reset (RST) via a PSH ACK or other means, obtaining the target's last sequence number from the resulting packet, then spoofing a reset to the target.
      Buffer overflow in web administration feature of Kolban Webcam32 4.8.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long URL.
      mod_proxy in Apache 1.2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed FTP commands, which causes Apache to dump core.
      Office Shortcut Bar (OSB) in Windows 3.51 enables backup and restore permissions, which are inherited by programs such as File Manager that are started from the Shortcut Bar, which could allow local users to read folders for which they do not have permission.
      Transarc DCE Distributed File System (DFS) 1.1 for Solaris 2.4 and 2.5 does not properly initialize the grouplist for users who belong to a large number of groups, which could allow those users to gain access to resources that are protected by DFS.
      Buffer overflow in Kerberos IV compatibility libraries as used in Kerberos V allows local users to gain root privileges via a long line in a kerberos configuration file, which can be specified via the KRB_CONF environmental variable.
      cmdtool in OpenWindows 3.0 and XView 3.0 in SunOS 4.1.4 and earlier allows attackers with physical access to the system to display unechoed characters (such as those from password prompts) via the L2/AGAIN key.
      Sysinstall in FreeBSD 2.2.1 and earlier, when configuring anonymous FTP, creates the ftp user without a password and with /bin/date as the shell, which could allow attackers to gain access to certain system resources.
      rcp on various Linux systems including Red Hat 4.0 allows a "nobody" user or other user with UID of 65535 to overwrite arbitrary files, since 65535 is interpreted as -1 by chown and other system calls, which causes the calls to fail to modify the ownership of the file.
      Vulnerability in accton in Cray UNICOS 6.1 and 6.0 allows local users to read arbitrary files and modify system accounting configuration.
      A design flaw in the Z-Modem protocol allows the remote sender of a file to execute arbitrary programs on the client, as implemented in rz in the rzsz module of FreeBSD before 2.1.5, and possibly other programs.
      Unspecified vulnerability in pt_chmod in SCO UNIX 4.2 and earlier allows local users to gain root access.
      Vulnerability in prwarn in SCO UNIX 4.2 and earlier allows local users to gain root access.
      Vulnerability in login in SCO UNIX 4.2 and earlier allows local users to gain root access.
      Vulnerability in "at" program in SCO UNIX 4.2 and earlier allows local users to gain root access.
      Cisco IOS 9.1 and earlier does not properly handle extended IP access lists when the IP route cache is enabled and the "established" keyword is set, which could allow attackers to bypass filters.
      Vulnerability in urestore in Novell UnixWare 1.1 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Certain programs in HP-UX 10.20 do not properly handle large user IDs (UID) or group IDs (GID) over 60000, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Sendmail before 8.6.7 allows local users to gain root access via a large value in the debug (-d) command line option.
      Vulnerability in dtlogin and dtsession in HP-UX 10.20 and 10.10 allows local users to bypass authentication and gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in DEC OpenVMS VAX 5.5-2 through 5.0, and OpenVMS AXP 1.0, allows local users to gain system privileges.
      Manual page reader (man) in FreeBSD 2.2 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via a sequence of commands.
      Vulnerability in union file system in FreeBSD 2.2 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to cause a denial of service (system reload) via a series of certain mount_union commands.
      Vulnerabilities in DECnet/OSI for OpenVMS before 5.8 on DEC Alpha AXP and VAX/VMS systems allow local users to gain privileges or cause a denial of service.
      Passfilt.dll in Windows NT SP2 allows users to create a password that contains the user's name, which could make it easier for an attacker to guess.
      Windows NT 4.0 SP4 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the symbolic link table in the \?? object folder using a different case letter (upper or lower) to point to a different device.
      /usr/5bin/su in SunOS 4.1.3 and earlier uses a search path that includes the current working directory (.), which allows local users to gain privileges via Trojan horse programs.
      Vulnerability in object server program in SGI IRIX 5.2 through 6.1 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges in certain configurations.
      Vulnerability in Novell NetWare 3.x and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via packet spoofing.
      Buffer overflow in ssh 1.2.26 client with Kerberos V enabled could allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a long DNS hostname that is not properly handled during TGT ticket passing.
      The installation of 1ArcServe Backup and Inoculan AV client modules for Exchange create a log file, exchverify.log, which contains usernames and passwords in plaintext.
      Norton AntiVirus for Internet Email Gateways (NAVIEG) 1.0.1.7 and earlier, and Norton AntiVirus for MS Exchange (NAVMSE) 1.5 and earlier, store the administrator password in cleartext in (1) the navieg.ini file for NAVIEG, and (2) the ModifyPassword registry key in NAVMSE.
      VAXstations running Open VMS 5.3 through 5.5-2 with VMS DECwindows or MOTIF do not properly disable access to user accounts that exceed the break-in limit threshold for failed login attempts, which makes it easier for attackers to conduct brute force password guessing.
      SAS System 5.18 on VAX/VMS is installed with insecure permissions for its directories and startup file, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      wu-ftpd 2.4 FTP server does not properly drop privileges when an ABOR (abort file transfer) command is executed during a file transfer, which causes a signal to be handled incorrectly and allows local and possibly remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in linuxconf 1.11r11-rh2 on Red Hat Linux 5.1 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long LANG environmental variable.
      linuxconf before 1.11.r11-rh3 on Red Hat Linux 5.1 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain root access via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in SysVInit in Red Hat Linux 5.1 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
      The snprintf function in the db library 1.85.4 ignores the size parameter, which could allow attackers to exploit buffer overflows that would be prevented by a properly implemented snprintf.
      netcfg 2.16-1 in Red Hat Linux 4.2 allows the Ethernet interface to be controlled by users on reboot when an option is set, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by shutting down the interface.
      gzexe in the gzip package on Red Hat Linux 5.0 and earlier allows local users to overwrite files of other users via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      automatic download option in ncftp 2.4.2 FTP client in Red Hat Linux 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the names of files that are to be downloaded.
      Multiple buffer overflows in filter command in Elm 2.4 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via (1) long From: headers, (2) long Reply-To: headers, or (3) via a long -f (filterfile) command line argument.
      snmpd server in cmu-snmp SNMP package before 3.3-1 in Red Hat Linux 4.0 is configured to allow remote attackers to read and write sensitive information.
      3Com HiPer Access Router Card (HiperARC) 4.0 through 4.2.29 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a flood of IAC packets to the telnet port.
      FTP client in Midnight Commander (mc) before 4.5.11 stores usernames and passwords for visited sites in plaintext in the world-readable history file, which allows other local users to gain privileges.
      Delegate proxy 5.9.3 and earlier creates files and directories in the DGROOT with world-writable permissions.
      Vulnerability when Network Address Translation (NAT) is enabled in Linux 2.2.10 and earlier with ipchains, or FreeBSD 3.2 with ipfw, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via a ping -R (record route) command.
      Buffer overflow in faxalter in hylafax 4.0.2 allows local users to gain privileges via a long -m command line argument.
      Linux kernel before 2.3.18 or 2.2.13pre15, with SLIP and PPP options, allows local unprivileged users to forge IP packets via the TIOCSETD option on tty devices.
      ICQ ActiveList Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed packets to the server's UDP port.
      HTTP server for Xerox DocuColor 4 LP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a long URL that contains a large number of . characters.
      Auto_FTP.pl script in Auto_FTP 0.2 stores usernames and passwords in plaintext in the auto_ftp.conf configuration file.
      Auto_FTP.pl script in Auto_FTP 0.2 uses the /tmp/ftp_tmp as a shared directory with insecure permissions, which allows local users to (1) send arbitrary files to the remote server by placing them in the directory, and (2) view files that are being transferred.
      PAM configuration file for rlogin in Red Hat Linux 6.1 and earlier includes a less restrictive rule before a more restrictive one, which allows users to access the host via rlogin even if rlogin has been explicitly disabled using the /etc/nologin file.
      Xsession in Red Hat Linux 6.1 and earlier can allow local users with restricted accounts to bypass execution of the .xsession file by starting kde, gnome or anotherlevel from kdm.
      Linuxconf on Red Hat Linux 6.0 and earlier does not properly disable PAM-based access to the shutdown command, which could allow local users to cause a denial of service.
      NFS daemon (nfsd.exe) for Omni-NFS/X 6.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via certain packets, possibly with the Urgent (URG) flag set, to port 111.
      ARCAD Systemhaus 0.078-5 installs critical programs and files with world-writeable permissions, which could allow local users to gain privileges by replacing a program with a Trojan horse.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in KVIrc IRC client 0.9.0 with the "Listen to !nick <soundname> requests" option enabled allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a DCC GET request.
      mknod in Linux 2.2 follows symbolic links, which could allow local users to overwrite files or gain privileges.
      Nosque MsgCore 2.14 stores passwords in cleartext: (1) the administrator password in the AdmPasswd registry key, and (2) user passwords in the Userbase.dbf data file, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      E-mail client in Softarc FirstClass Internet Server 5.506 and earlier stores usernames and passwords in cleartext in the files (1) home.fc for version 5.506, (2) network.fc for version 3.5, or (3) FCCLIENT.LOG when logging is enabled.
      BMC Patrol component, when installed with Compaq Insight Management Agent 4.23 and earlier, or Management Agents for Servers 4.40 and earlier, creates a PFCUser account with a default password and potentially dangerous privileges.
      Compaq Integration Maintenance Utility as used in Compaq Insight Manager agent before SmartStart 4.50 modifies the legal notice caption (LegalNoticeCaption) and text (LegalNoticeText) in Windows NT, which could produce a legal notice that is in violation of the security policy.
      Netscape Communicator 4.04 through 4.7 (and possibly other versions) in various UNIX operating systems converts the 0x8b character to a "<" sign, and the 0x9b character to a ">" sign, which could allow remote attackers to attack other clients via cross-site scripting (CSS) in CGI programs that do not filter these characters.
      When an administrator in Windows NT or Windows 2000 changes a user policy, the policy is not properly updated if the local ntconfig.pol is not writable by the user, which could allow local users to bypass restrictions that would otherwise be enforced by the policy, possibly by changing the policy file to be read-only.
      When the Ntconfig.pol file is used on a server whose name is longer than 13 characters, Windows NT does not properly enforce policies for global groups, which could allow users to bypass restrictions that were intended by those policies.
      Windows NT 4.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service via a user mode application that closes a handle that was opened in kernel mode, which causes a crash when the kernel attempts to close the handle.
      Windows NT 3.51 and 4.0 running WINS (Windows Internet Name Service) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a flood of malformed packets, which causes the server to slow down and fill the event logs with error messages.
      Win32k.sys in Windows NT 4.0 before SP2 allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by calling certain WIN32K functions with incorrect parameters.
      Windows NT 3.51 and 4.0 allow local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by running a program that creates a large number of locks on a file, which exhausts the NonPagedPool.
      Windows NT 4.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) via an illegal kernel mode address to the functions (1) GetThreadContext or (2) SetThreadContext.
      Windows NT searches a user's home directory (%systemroot% by default) before other directories to find critical programs such as NDDEAGNT.EXE, EXPLORER.EXE, USERINIT.EXE or TASKMGR.EXE, which could allow local users to bypass access restrictions or gain privileges by placing a Trojan horse program into the root directory, which is writable by default.
      Pegasus e-mail client 3.0 and earlier uses weak encryption to store POP3 passwords in the pmail.ini file, which allows local users to easily decrypt the passwords and read e-mail.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 does not properly reset the username/password cache for Web sites that do not use standard cache controls, which could allow users on the same system to access restricted web sites that were visited by other users.
      AV Option for MS Exchange Server option for InoculateIT 4.53, and possibly other versions, only scans the Inbox folder tree of a Microsoft Exchange server, which could allow viruses to escape detection if a user's rules cause the message to be moved to a different mailbox.
      Real Media RealServer (rmserver) 6.0.3.353 stores a password in plaintext in the world-readable rmserver.cfg file, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      The setup wizard (ie5setup.exe) for Internet Explorer 5.0 disables (1) the screen saver, which could leave the system open to users with physical access if a failure occurs during an unattended installation, and (2) the Task Scheduler Service, which might prevent the scheduled execution of security-critical programs.
      Buffer overflow in /usr/bin/write in Solaris 2.6 and 7 allows local users to gain privileges via a long string in the terminal name argument.
      Triactive Remote Manager with Basic authentication enabled stores the username and password in cleartext in registry keys, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      FORE PowerHub before 5.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a TCP SYN scan with TCP/IP OS fingerprinting, e.g. via nmap.
      perlshop.cgi shopping cart program stores sensitive customer information in directories and files that are under the web root, which allows remote attackers to obtain that information via an HTTP request.
      FileSystemObject (FSO) in the showfile.asp Active Server Page (ASP) allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the name in the file parameter.
      Buffer overflow in fpcount.exe in IIS 4.0 with FrontPage Server Extensions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Matt Wright's download.cgi 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the f parameter.
      dbmlparser.exe CGI guestbook program does not perform a chroot operation properly, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      DNS allows remote attackers to use DNS name servers as traffic amplifiers via a UDP DNS query with a spoofed source address, which produces more traffic to the victim than was sent by the attacker.
      Symantec Norton Utilities 2.0 for Windows 95 marks the TUNEOCX.OCX ActiveX control as safe for scripting, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the run option through malicious web pages that are accessed by browsers such as Internet Explorer 3.0.
      Buffer overflow in dbadmin CGI program 1.0.1 on Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      NetWare NFS mode 1 and 2 implements the "Read Only" flag in Unix by changing the ownership of a file to root, which allows local users to gain root privileges by creating a setuid program and setting it to "Read Only," which NetWare-NFS changes to a setuid root program.
      (1) bash before 1.14.7, and (2) tcsh 6.05 allow local users to gain privileges via directory names that contain shell metacharacters (` back-tick), which can cause the commands enclosed in the directory name to be executed when the shell expands filenames using the \w option in the PS1 variable.
      Indigo Magic System Tour in the SGI system tour package (systour) for IRIX 5.x through 6.3 allows local users to gain root privileges via a Trojan horse .exitops program, which is called by the inst command that is executed by the RemoveSystemTour program.
      Buffer overflow in ppp program in FreeBSD 2.1 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via a long HOME environment variable.
      Perl 5.004_04 and earlier follows symbolic links when running with the -e option, which allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the /tmp/perl-eaXXXXX file.
      Windows NT 4.0 SP2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash), possibly via malformed inputs or packets, such as those generated by a Linux smbmount command that was compiled on the Linux 2.0.29 kernel but executed on Linux 2.0.25.
      passwd in SunOS 4.1.x allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack and the -F command line argument.
      US Robotics/3Com Total Control Chassis with Frame Relay between 3.6.22 and 3.7.24 does not properly enforce access filters when the "set host prompt" setting is made for a port, which allows attackers to bypass restrictions by providing the hostname twice at the "host: " prompt.
      suidexec in suidmanager 0.18 on Debian 2.0 allows local users to gain root privileges by specifying a malicious program on the command line.
      Vulnerability in NeXT 1.0a and 1.0 with publicly accessible printers allows local users to gain privileges via a combination of the npd program and weak directory permissions.
      Vulnerability in restore0.9 installation script in NeXT 1.0a and 1.0 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Control Panel "Password Security" option for Apple Powerbooks allows attackers with physical access to the machine to bypass the security by booting it with an emergency startup disk and using a disk editor to modify the on/off toggle or password in the aaaaaaaAPWD file, which is normally inaccessible.
      BSD 4.4 based operating systems, when running at security level 1, allow the root user to clear the immutable and append-only flags for files by unmounting the file system and using a file system editor such as fsdb to directly modify the file through a device.
      Vulnerability in Monitor utility (SYS$SHARE:SPISHR.EXE) in VMS 5.0 through 5.4-2 allows local users to gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in integer multiplication emulation code on SPARC architectures for SunOS 4.1 through 4.1.2 allows local users to gain root access or cause a denial of service (crash).
      Index Server 2.0 on IIS 4.0 stores physical path information in the ContentIndex\Catalogs subkey of the AllowedPaths registry key, whose permissions allows local and remote users to obtain the physical paths of directories that are being indexed.
      Vulnerability in xfsdump in SGI IRIX may allow local users to obtain root privileges via the bck.log log file, possibly via a symlink attack.
      spaceball program in SpaceWare 7.3 v1.0 in IRIX 6.2 allows local users to gain root privileges by setting the HOSTNAME environmental variable to contain the commands to be executed.
      The Economist screen saver 1999 with the "Password Protected" option enabled allows users with physical access to the machine to bypass the screen saver and read files by running Internet Explorer while the screen is still locked.
      Vulnerability in Desktop searchbook program in IRIX 5.0.x through 6.2 sets insecure permissions for certain user files (iconbook and searchbook).
      The access permissions for a UNIX domain socket are ignored in Solaris 2.x and SunOS 4.x, and other BSD-based operating systems before 4.4, which could allow local users to connect to the socket and possibly disrupt or control the operations of the program using that socket.
      IBM/Tivoli OPC Tracker Agent version 2 release 1 creates files, directories, and IPC message queues with insecure permissions (world-readable and world-writable), which could allow local users to disrupt operations and possibly gain privileges by modifying or deleting files.
      IBM/Tivoli OPC Tracker Agent version 2 release 1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via malformed data to the localtracker client port (5011), which prevents the connection from being closed properly.
      snap command in AIX before 4.3.2 creates the /tmp/ibmsupt directory with world-readable permissions and does not remove or clear the directory when snap -a is executed, which could allow local users to access the shadowed password file by creating /tmp/ibmsupt/general/passwd before root runs snap -a.
      Fixed in AIX 4.3 and 4.3.2
AIX 4.3.x APAR: IX88263
AIX 4.2.x APAR: IX88261
      dumpreg in Red Hat Linux 5.1 opens /dev/mem with O_RDWR access, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by redirecting fd 1 (stdout) to the kernel.
      ifdhcpc-done script for configuring DHCP on Red Hat Linux 5 allows local users to append text to arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the dhcplog file.
      Vulnerability in AIX 4.1.4 and HP-UX 10.01 and 9.05 allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by using a socket to connect to a port on the localhost, calling shutdown to clear the socket, then using the same socket to connect to a different port on localhost.
      The at program in IRIX 6.2 and NetBSD 1.3.2 and earlier allows local users to read portions of arbitrary files by submitting the file to at with the -f argument, which generates error messages that at sends to the user via e-mail.
      addnetpr in IRIX 5.3 and 6.2 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and possibly gain root privileges via a symlink attack on the printers temporary file.
      The installation of the fsp package 2.71-10 in Debian GNU/Linux 2.0 adds the anonymous FTP user without notifying the administrator, which could automatically enable anonymous FTP on some servers such as wu-ftp.
      A possible interaction between Apple MacOS X release 1.0 and Apache HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a flood of HTTP GET requests to CGI programs, which generates a large number of processes.
      Solaris 2.4 before kernel jumbo patch -35 allows set-gid programs to dump core even if the real user id is not in the set-gid group, which allows local users to overwrite or create files at higher privileges by causing a core dump, e.g. through dmesg.
      IBM Netfinity Remote Control allows local users to gain administrator privileges by starting programs from the process manager, which runs with system level privileges.
      Vulnerability in /usr/bin/mail in DEC ULTRIX before 4.2 allows local users to gain privileges.
      AnswerBook2 (AB2) web server dwhttpd 3.1a4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via an HTTP POST request with a large content-length.
      Format string vulnerability in AnswerBook2 (AB2) web server dwhttpd 3.1a4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via encoded % characters in an HTTP request, which is improperly logged.
      ICQ99 ICQ web server build 1701 with "Active Homepage" enabled generates allows remote attackers to determine the existence of files on the server by comparing server responses when a file exists ("404 Forbidden") versus when a file does not exist ("404 not found").
      Buffer overflow in nss_nisplus.so.1 library in NIS+ in Solaris 2.3 and 2.4 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      NBase switches NH2012, NH2012R, NH2015, and NH2048 have a back door password that cannot be disabled, which allows remote attackers to modify the switch's configuration.
      NBase switches NH208 and NH215 run a TFTP server which allows remote attackers to send software updates to modify the switch or cause a denial of service (crash) by guessing the target filenames, which have default names.
      The default configuration of Slackware 3.4, and possibly other versions, includes . (dot, the current directory) in the PATH environmental variable, which could allow local users to create Trojan horse programs that are inadvertently executed by other users.
      ping in Solaris 2.3 through 2.6 allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) via a ping request to a multicast address through the loopback interface, e.g. via ping -i.
      Solaris Solstice AdminSuite (AdminSuite) 2.1 uses unsafe permissions when adding new users to the NIS+ password table, which allows local users to gain root access by modifying their password table entries.
      Solaris Solstice AdminSuite (AdminSuite) 2.1 incorrectly sets write permissions on source files for NIS maps, which could allow local users to gain privileges by modifying /etc/passwd.
      Solaris Solstice AdminSuite (AdminSuite) 2.1 follows symbolic links when updating an NIS database, which allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files.
      Solaris Solstice AdminSuite (AdminSuite) 2.1 and 2.2 create lock files insecurely, which allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Solaris Solstice AdminSuite (AdminSuite) 2.1 and 2.2 allows local users to gain privileges via the save option in the Database Manager, which is running with setgid bin privileges.
      DIT TransferPro installs devices with world-readable and world-writable permissions, which could allow local users to damage disks through the ff device driver.
      PIM software for Royal daVinci does not properly password-protext access to data stored in the .mdb (Microsoft Access) file, which allows local users to read the data without a password by directly accessing the files with a different application, such as Access.
      ZAK in Appstation mode allows users to bypass the "Run only allowed apps" policy by starting Explorer from Office 97 applications (such as Word), installing software into the TEMP directory, and changing the name to that for an allowed application, such as Winword.exe.
      Power management (Powermanagement) on Solaris 2.4 through 2.6 does not start the xlock process until after the sys-suspend has completed, which allows an attacker with physical access to input characters to the last active application from the keyboard for a short period after the system is restoring, which could lead to increased privileges.
      HP JetAdmin D.01.09 on Solaris allows local users to change the permissions of arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the /tmp/jetadmin.log file.
      login in Slackware Linux 3.2 through 3.5 does not properly check for an error when the /etc/group file is missing, which prevents it from dropping privileges, causing it to assign root privileges to any local user who logs on to the server.
      Buffer overflow in libsocks5 library of Socks 5 (socks5) 1.0r5 allows local users to gain privileges via long environmental variables.
      Ray Chan WWW Authorization Gateway 0.1 CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the "user" parameter.
      ePerl 2.2.12 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and possibly execute certain commands by specifying a full pathname of the target file as an argument to bar.phtml.
      Vulnerability in /bin/mail in SunOS 4.1.1 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via certain command line arguments.
      gcc 2.7.2 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary .i, .s, or .o files.
      Win32 ICQ 98a 1.30, and possibly other versions, does not display the entire portion of long filenames, which could allow attackers to send an executable file with a long name that contains so many spaces that the .exe extension is not displayed, which could make the user believe that the file is safe to open from the client.
      Linux 2.0.34 does not properly prevent users from sending SIGIO signals to arbitrary processes, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by sending SIGIO to processes that do not catch it.
      Bug in AMD K6 processor on Linux 2.0.x and 2.1.x kernels allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) via a particular sequence of instructions, possibly related to accessing addresses outside of segments.
      Micah Software Full Armor Network Configurator and Zero Administration allow local users with physical access to bypass the desktop protection by (1) using <CTRL><ALT><DEL> and kill the process using the task manager, (2) booting the system from a separate disk, or (3) interrupting certain processes that execute while the system is booting.
      genkey utility in Alibaba 2.0 generates RSA key pairs with an exponent of 1, which results in transactions that are sent in cleartext.
      Vulnerability in imapd and ipop3d in Slackware 3.4 and 3.3 with shadowing enabled, and possibly other operating systems, allows remote attackers to cause a core dump via a short sequence of USER and PASS commands that do not provide valid usernames or passwords.
      Internet Explorer 3 records a history of all URL's that are visited by a user in DAT files located in the Temporary Internet Files and History folders, which are not cleared when the user selects the "Clear History" option, and are not visible when the user browses the folders because of tailored displays.
      Internet Explorer 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via HTML code that contains a long CLASSID parameter in an OBJECT tag.
      Eudora and Eudora Light before 3.05 allows remote attackers to cause a crash and corrupt the user's mailbox via an e-mail message with certain dates, such as (1) dates before 1970, which cause a Divide By Zero error, or (2) dates that are 100 years after the current date, which causes a segmentation fault.
      SunOS 4.1.4 on a Sparc 20 machine allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) by reading from the /dev/tcx0 TCX device.
      Vulnerability in (1) rlogin daemon rshd and (2) scheme on SCO UNIX OpenServer 5.0.5 and earlier, and SCO UnixWare 7.0.1 and earlier, allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      The Winmsdp.exe sample file in IIS 4.0 and Site Server 3.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      GINA in Windows NT 4.0 allows attackers with physical access to display a portion of the clipboard of the user who has locked the workstation by pasting (CTRL-V) the contents into the username prompt.
      Internet Explorer 4 allows remote attackers (malicious web site operators) to read the contents of the clipboard via the Internet WebBrowser ActiveX object.
      Macromedia "The Matrix" screen saver on Windows 95 with the "Password protected" option enabled allows attackers with physical access to the machine to bypass the password prompt by pressing the ESC (Escape) key.
      RSH service utility RSHSVC in Windows NT 3.5 through 4.0 does not properly restrict access as specified in the .Rhosts file when a user comes from an authorized host, which could allow unauthorized users to access the service by logging in from an authorized host.
      thttpd HTTP server 2.03 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a GET request with more than one leading / (slash) character in the filename.
      Buffer overflow in thttpd HTTP server before 2.04-31 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long date string, which is not properly handled by the tdate_parse function.
      Buffer overflow in at program in Digital UNIX 4.0 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      BMC PATROL Agent before 3.2.07 allows local users to gain root privileges via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      BMC PATROL SNMP Agent before 3.2.07 allows local users to create arbitrary world-writeable files as root by specifying the target file as the second argument to the snmpmagt program.
      inpview in InPerson on IRIX 5.3 through IRIX 6.5.10 trusts the PATH environmental variable to find and execute the ttsession program, which allows local users to obtain root access by modifying the PATH to point to a Trojan horse ttsession program.
      Vulnerability in bb-hist.sh CGI History module in Big Brother 1.09b and 1.09c allows remote attackers to read portions of arbitrary files.
      Windows NT 4.0 before SP3 allows remote attackers to bypass firewall restrictions or cause a denial of service (crash) by sending improperly fragmented IP packets without the first fragment, which the TCP/IP stack incorrectly reassembles into a valid session.
      Vulnerability in Cisco IOS 11.1CC and 11.1CT with distributed fast switching (DFS) enabled allows remote attackers to bypass certain access control lists when the router switches traffic from a DFS-enabled interface to an interface that does not have DFS enabled, as described by Cisco bug CSCdk35564.
      Vulnerability in Cisco IOS 11.1 through 11.3 with distributed fast switching (DFS) enabled allows remote attackers to bypass certain access control lists when the router switches traffic from a DFS-enabled input interface to an output interface with a logical subinterface, as described by Cisco bug CSCdk43862.
      Vulnerability in Cisco routers versions 8.2 through 9.1 allows remote attackers to bypass access control lists when extended IP access lists are used on certain interfaces, the IP route cache is enabled, and the access list uses the "established" keyword.
      Vulnerability in rcp on SunOS 4.0.x allows remote attackers from trusted hosts to execute arbitrary commands as root, possibly related to the configuration of the nobody user.
      rdist in various UNIX systems uses popen to execute sendmail, which allows local users to gain root privileges by modifying the IFS (Internal Field Separator) variable.
      Buffer overflow in w3-auth CGI program in miniSQL package allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an HTTP request with (1) a long URL, or (2) a long User-Agent MIME header.
      Eastman Work Management 3.21 stores passwords in cleartext in the COMMON and LOCATOR registry keys, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in passwd in BSD based operating systems 4.3 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges by specifying a long shell or GECOS field.
      Internet Explorer 4.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary text and HTML files on the user's machine via a small IFRAME that uses Dynamic HTML (DHTML) to send the data to the attacker, aka the Freiburg text-viewing issue.
      When a Web site redirects the browser to another site, Internet Explorer 3.02 and 4.0 automatically resends authentication information to the second site, aka the "Page Redirect Issue."
      PowerPoint 95 and 97 allows remote attackers to cause an application to be run automatically without prompting the user, possibly through the slide show, when the document is opened in browsers such as Internet Explorer.
      ProFTPd 1.2 compiled with the mod_sqlpw module records user passwords in the wtmp log file, which allows local users to obtain the passwords and gain privileges by reading wtmp, e.g. via the last command.
      A bug in Intel Pentium processor (MMX and Overdrive) allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang) in Intel-based operating systems such as Windows NT and Windows 95, via an invalid instruction, aka the "Invalid Operand with Locked CMPXCHG8B Instruction" problem.
      Buffer overflow in GNOME libraries 1.0.8 allows local user to gain root access via a long --espeaker argument in programs such as nethack.
      The Sun HotSpot Performance Engine VM allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service on any server running HotSpot via a URL that includes the [ character.
      The textcounter.pl by Matt Wright allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      (1) acledit and (2) aclput in AIX 4.3 allow local users to create or modify files via a symlink attack.
      Squid 2.2.STABLE5 and below, when using external authentication, allows attackers to bypass access controls via a newline in the user/password pair.
      SVGAlib zgv 3.0-7 and earlier allows local users to gain root access via a privilege leak of the iopl(3) privileges to child processes.
      Buffer overflow in zgv in svgalib 1.2.10 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long HOME environment variable.
      Buffer overflow in MSN Setup BBS 4.71.0.10 ActiveX control (setupbbs.ocx) allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands via the methods (1) vAddNewsServer or (2) bIsNewsServerConfigured.
      nsd in IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.2 exports a virtual filesystem on a UDP port, which allows remote attackers to view files and cause a possible denial of service by mounting the nsd virtual file system.
      sadc in IBM AIX 4.1 through 4.3, when called from programs such as timex that are setgid adm, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Vulnerability in digest in AIX 4.3 allows printq users to gain root privileges by creating and/or modifing any file on the system.
      sdrd daemon in IBM SP2 System Data Repository (SDR) allows remote attackers to read files without authentication.
      Buffer overflow in TestChip function in XFree86 SuperProbe in Slackware Linux 3.1 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -nopr argument.
      xosview 1.5.1 in Red Hat 5.1 allows local users to gain root access via a long HOME environmental variable.
      abuse.console in Red Hat 2.1 uses relative pathnames to find and execute the undrv program, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a path that points to a Trojan horse program.
      Vulnerability in (1) diskperf and (2) diskalign in IRIX 6.4 allows local attacker to create arbitrary root owned files, leading to root privileges.
      Vulnerability in crp in Hewlett Packard Apollo Domain OS SR10 through SR10.3 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via insecure system calls, (1) pad_$dm_cmd and (2) pad_$def_pfk().
      colorview in Silicon Graphics IRIX 5.1, 5.2, and 6.0 allows local attackers to read arbitrary files via the -text argument.
      xtvscreen in SuSE Linux 6.0 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the pic000.pnm file.
      Sudo 1.5 in Debian Linux 2.1 and Red Hat 6.0 allows local users to determine the existence of arbitrary files by attempting to execute the target filename as a program, which generates a different error message when the file does not exist.
      Ipswitch IMail 5.0 and 6.0 uses weak encryption to store passwords in registry keys, which allows local attackers to read passwords for e-mail accounts.
      Slackware Linux 3.4 pkgtool allows local attacker to read and write to arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the reply file.
      named in ISC BIND 4.9 and 8.1 allows local users to destroy files via a symlink attack on (1) named_dump.db when root kills the process with a SIGINT, or (2) named.stats when SIGIOT is used.
      Internet Anywhere POP3 Mail Server 2.3.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via (1) LIST, (2) TOP, or (3) UIDL commands using letters as arguments.
      (1) ipxchk and (2) ipxlink in SGI OS2 IRIX 6.3 does not properly clear the IFS environmental variable before executing system calls, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflows in Quake 1.9 client allows remote malicious servers to execute arbitrary commands via long (1) precache paths, (2) server name, (3) server address, or (4) argument to the map console command.
      Network Flight Recorder (NFR) 1.5 and 1.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in nfrd (crash) via a TCP packet with a null header and data field.
      Stalker Internet Mail Server 1.6 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HELO command.
      Buffer overflow in QuakeWorld 2.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long initial connect packet.
      Vulnerability in SMI Sendmail 4.0 and earlier, on SunOS up to 4.0.3, allows remote attackers to access user bin.
      Sun SunOS 4.1 through 4.1.3 allows local attackers to gain root access via insecure permissions on files and directories such as crash.
      Web server in Tektronix PhaserLink Printer 840.0 and earlier allows a remote attacker to gain administrator access by directly calling undocumented URLs such as ncl_items.html and ncl_subjects.html.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Etype Eserv 2.50 web server allows a remote attacker to read any file in the file system via a .. (dot dot) in a URL.
      Buffer overflows in Bisonware FTP server prior to 4.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via long (1) USER, (2) LIST, or (3) CWD commands.
      Buffer overflows in Xtramail 1.11 allow attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary commands via (1) a long PASS command in the POP3 service, (2) a long HELO command in the SMTP service, or (3) a long user name in the Control Service.
      The AMaViS virus scanner 0.2.0-pre4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands as root via an infected mail message with shell metacharacters in the reply-to field.
      Management information base (MIB) for a 3Com SuperStack II hub running software version 2.10 contains an object identifier (.1.3.6.1.4.1.43.10.4.2) that is accessible by a read-only community string, but lists the entire table of community strings, which could allow attackers to conduct unauthorized activities.
      Buffer overflow in Celtech ExpressFS FTP server 2.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long USER command.
      A non-default configuration in TenFour TFS Gateway 4.0 allows an attacker to cause a denial of service via messages with incorrect sender and recipient addresses, which causes the gateway to continuously try to return the message every 10 seconds.
      A buffer overflow in TenFour TFS Gateway SMTP mail server 3.2 allows an attacker to crash the mail server and possibly execute arbitrary code by offering more than 128 bytes in a MAIL FROM string.
      runtar in the Amanda backup system used in various UNIX operating systems executes tar with root privileges, which allows a user to overwrite or read arbitrary files by providing the target files to runtar.
      Operating systems with shared memory implementations based on BSD 4.4 code allow a user to conduct a denial of service and bypass memory limits (e.g., as specified with rlimits) using mmap or shmget to allocate memory and cause page faults.
      Gene6 G6 FTP Server 2.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a long (1) user name or (2) password.
      A configuration problem in the Ad Server Sample directory (AdSamples) in Microsoft Site Server 3.0 allows an attacker to obtain the SITE.CSC file, which exposes sensitive SQL database information.
      Computalynx CMail 2.4 and CMail 2.3 SP2 SMTP servers are vulnerable to a buffer overflow attack in the MAIL FROM command that may allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code on the server.
      Vulnerability in htmlparse.pike in Roxen Web Server 1.3.11 and earlier, possibly related to recursive parsing and referer tags in RXML.
      Buffer overflow in Sambar Web Server 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long HTTP GET request.
      FlowPoint DSL router firmware versions prior to 3.0.8 allows a remote attacker to exploit a password recovery feature from the network and conduct brute force password guessing, instead of limiting the feature to the serial console port.
      Macromedia Shockwave before 6.0 allows a malicious webmaster to read a user's mail box and possibly access internal web servers via the GetNextText command on a Shockwave movie.
      Auto-update feature of Macromedia Shockwave 7 transmits a user's password and hard disk information back to Macromedia.
      Internal HTTP server in Sun Netbeans Java IDE in Netbeans Developer 3.0 Beta and Forte Community Edition 1.0 Beta does not properly restrict access to IP addresses as specified in its configuration, which allows arbitrary remote attackers to access the server.
      ProSoft Netware Client 5.12 on Macintosh MacOS 9 does not automatically log a user out of the NDS tree when the user logs off the system, which allows other users of the same system access to the unprotected NDS session.
      A buffer overflow exists in the HELO command in Trend Micro Interscan VirusWall SMTP gateway 3.23/3.3 for NT, which may allow an attacker to execute arbitrary code.
      cgiwrap as used on Cobalt RaQ 2.0 and RaQ 3i does not properly identify the user for running certain scripts, which allows a malicious site administrator to view or modify data located at another virtual site on the same system.
      Buffer overflow in IBM HomePagePrint 1.0.7 for Windows98J allows a malicious Web site to execute arbitrary code on a viewer's system via a long IMG_SRC HTML tag.
      Netscape Messaging Server 3.54, 3.55, and 3.6 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via a series of long RCPT TO commands.
      Eicon Technology Diva LAN ISDN modem allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (hang) via a long password argument to the login.htm file in its HTTP service.
      Buffer overflow in (1) nlservd and (2) rnavc in Knox Software Arkeia backup product allows local users to obtain root access via a long HOME environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in AspUpload.dll in Persits Software AspUpload before 1.4.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long argument in the HTTP request.
      .sbstart startup script in AcuShop Salesbuilder is world writable, which allows local users to gain privileges by appending commands to the file.
      IIS 3.x and 4.x does not distinguish between pages requiring encryption and those that do not, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via SSL requests to the HTTPS port for normally unencrypted files, which will cause IIS to perform extra work to send the files over SSL.
      When IIS 2 or 3 is upgraded to IIS 4, ism.dll is inadvertently left in /scripts/iisadmin, which does not restrict access to the local machine and allows an unauthorized user to gain access to sensitive server information, including the Administrator's password.
      Buffer overflow in FTP server in QPC Software's QVT/Term Plus versions 4.2d and 4.3 and QVT/Net 4.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long (1) user name or (2) password.
      shell-lock in Cactus Software Shell Lock uses weak encryption (trivial encoding) which allows attackers to easily decrypt and obtain the source code.
      shell-lock in Cactus Software Shell Lock allows local users to read or modify decoded shell files before they are executed, via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      RPMMail before 1.4 allows remote attackers to execute commands via an e-mail message with shell metacharacters in the "MAIL FROM" command.
      MacOS uses weak encryption for passwords that are stored in the Users & Groups Data File.
      Buffer overflow in FTP server in Microsoft IIS 3.0 and 4.0 allows local and sometimes remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long NLST (ls) command.
      Joe's Own Editor (joe) 2.8 sets the world-readable permission on its crash-save file, DEADJOE, which could allow local users to read files that were being edited by other users.
      netstation.navio-com.rte 1.1.0.1 configuration script for Navio NC on IBM AIX exports /tmp over NFS as world-readable and world-writable.
      Oracle Web Listener 2.1 allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions by replacing a character in the URL with its HTTP-encoded (hex) equivalent.
      Cabletron SmartSwitch Router (SSR) 8000 firmware 2.x can only handle 200 ARP requests per second allowing a denial of service attack to succeed with a flood of ARP requests exceeding that limit.
      Lynx 2.x does not properly distinguish between internal and external HTML, which may allow a local attacker to read a "secure" hidden form value from a temporary file and craft a LYNXOPTIONS: URL that causes Lynx to modify the user's configuration file and execute commands.
      bigconf.conf in F5 BIG/ip 2.1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the target file in the "file" parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Ipswitch IMail Service 5.0 allows an attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long URL.
      dpsexec (DPS Server) when running under XDM in IBM AIX 3.2.5 and earlier does not properly check privileges, which allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in XCmail 0.99.6 with autoquote enabled allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long subject line.
      The authors were notified of this problem and it was fixed in devel-release 0.99.7.
      /usr/sbin/Mail on SGI IRIX 3.3 and 3.3.1 does not properly set the group ID to the group ID of the user who started Mail, which allows local users to read the mail of other users.
      Cheyenne InocuLAN Anti-Virus Server in Inoculan 4.0 before Service Pack 2 creates an update directory with "EVERYONE FULL CONTROL" permissions, which allows local users to cause Inoculan's antivirus update feature to install a Trojan horse dll.
      Microsoft SQL Server 6.5 uses weak encryption for the password for the SQLExecutiveCmdExec account and stores it in an accessible portion of the registry, which could allow local users to gain privileges by reading and decrypting the CmdExecAccount value.
      Buffer overflow in the login functions in IMAP server (imapd) in Ipswitch IMail 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) a long user name or (2) a long password.
      Vulnerability in loginout in Digital OpenVMS 7.1 and earlier allows unauthorized access when external authentication is enabled.
      Xylan OmniSwitch before 3.2.6 allows remote attackers to bypass the login prompt via a CTRL-D (control d) character, which locks other users out of the switch because it only supports one session at a time.
      Vulnerability in a script in Texas A&M University (TAMU) Tiger allows local users to execute arbitrary commands as the Tiger user, usually root.
      Nullsoft SHOUTcast server stores the administrative password in plaintext in a configuration file (sc_serv.conf), which could allow a local user to gain administrative privileges on the server.
      gFTP FTP client 1.13, and other versions before 2.0.0, records a password in plaintext in (1) the log window, or (2) in a log file.
      Nachuatec D435 and D445 printer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via ICMP redirect storm.
      FreeBSD 3.2 and possibly other versions allows a local user to cause a denial of service (panic) with a large number accesses of an NFS v3 mounted directory from a large number of processes.
      Man2html 2.1 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      Buffer overflow in iParty server 1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by connecting to default port 6004 and sending repeated extended characters.
      Seapine Software TestTrack server allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (high CPU) via (1) TestTrackWeb.exe and (2) ttcgi.exe by connecting to port 99 and disconnecting without sending any data.
      Off-by-one error in NcFTPd FTP server before 2.4.1 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long PORT command.
      Quake 1 and NetQuake servers allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion or forced disconnection) via a flood of spoofed UDP connection packets, which exceeds the server's player limit.
      Buffer overflow in sar for OpenServer 5.0.5 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -o parameter.
      Buffer overflow in sar for SCO OpenServer 5.0.0 through 5.0.5 may allow local users to gain root privileges via a long -f parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-1999-1570.
      cpio on FreeBSD 2.1.0, Debian GNU/Linux 3.0, and possibly other operating systems, uses a 0 umask when creating files using the -O (archive) or -F options, which creates the files with mode 0666 and allows local users to read or overwrite those files.
      Fixed in rev 1.3 of cpio/main.c.
      Multiple unknown vulnerabilities in the "r-cmnds" (1) remshd, (2) rexecd, (3) rlogind, (4) rlogin, (5) remsh, (6) rcp, (7) rexec, and (8) rdist for HP-UX 10.00 through 11.00 allow attackers to gain privileges or access files.
      Buffer overflow in the lex routines of nslookup for AIX 4.3 may allow attackers to cause a core dump and possibly execute arbitrary code via "long input strings."
      The Kodak/Wang (1) Image Edit (imgedit.ocx), (2) Image Annotation (imgedit.ocx), (3) Image Scan (imgscan.ocx), (4) Thumbnail Image (imgthumb.ocx), (5) Image Admin (imgadmin.ocx), (6) HHOpen (hhopen.ocx), (7) Registration Wizard (regwizc.dll), and (8) IE Active Setup (setupctl.dll) ActiveX controls for Internet Explorer (IE) 4.01 and 5.0 are marked as "Safe for Scripting," which allows remote attackers to create and modify files and execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in Adobe Acrobat ActiveX control (pdf.ocx, PDF.PdfCtrl.1) 1.3.188 for Acrobat Reader 4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the pdf.setview method.
      Buffer overflow in HHOpen ActiveX control (hhopen.ocx) 1.0.0.1 for Internet Explorer 4.01 and 5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via long arguments to the OpenHelp method.
      Buffer overflow in Registration Wizard ActiveX control (regwizc.dll, InvokeRegWizard) 3.0.0.0 for Internet Explorer 4.01 and 5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      The Cenroll ActiveX control (xenroll.dll) for Terminal Server Editions of Windows NT 4.0 and Windows NT Server 4.0 before SP6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource consumption) by creating a large number of arbitrary files on the target machine.
      SunOS sendmail 5.59 through 5.65 uses popen to process a forwarding host argument, which allows local users to gain root privileges by modifying the IFS (Internal Field Separator) variable and passing crafted values to the -oR option.
      Memory leak in Simple Network Management Protocol (SNMP) agent (snmp.exe) for Windows NT 4.0 before Service Pack 4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large number of SNMP packets with Object Identifiers (OIDs) that cannot be decoded.
      By design, the "established" command on the Cisco PIX firewall allows connections from one host to arbitrary ports of a target host if an alternative conduit has already been allowed, which can cause administrators to configure less restrictive access controls than intended if they do not understand this functionality.
      Buffer overflow in nslookup for AIX 4.3 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long hostname command line argument.
      Unknown vulnerability in (1) loadmodule, and (2) modload if modload is installed with setuid/setgid privileges, in SunOS 4.1.1 through 4.1.3c, and Open Windows 3.0, allows local users to gain root privileges via environment variables, a different vulnerability than CVE-1999-1586.
      The (1) rcS and (2) mountall programs in Sun Solaris 2.x, possibly before 2.4, start a privileged shell on the system console if fsck fails while the system is booting, which allows attackers with physical access to gain root privileges.
      loadmodule in SunOS 4.1.x, as used by xnews, does not properly sanitize its environment, which allows local users to gain privileges, a different vulnerability than CVE-1999-1584.
      /usr/ucb/ps in Sun Microsystems Solaris 8 and 9, and certain earlier releases, allows local users to view the environment variables and values of arbitrary processes via the -e option.
      Buffer overflow in nlps_server in Sun Solaris x86 2.4, 2.5, and 2.5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code as root via a long string beginning with "NLPS:002:002:" to the listen (aka System V listener) port, TCP port 2766.
      Unspecified vulnerability in crontab in IBM AIX 3.2 allows local users to gain root privileges via unknown attack vectors.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Muhammad A. Muquit wwwcount (Count.cgi) 2.3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary GIF files via ".." sequences in the image parameter, a different vulnerability than CVE-1999-0021.
      Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) server 4.0 SP4, without certain hotfixes released for SP4, does not require authentication credentials under certain conditions, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication requirements, as demonstrated by connecting via Microsoft Visual InterDev 6.0.
      Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in sendmail 5, as installed on Sun SunOS 4.1.3_U1 and 4.1.4, have unspecified attack vectors and impact.  NOTE: this might overlap CVE-1999-0129.
      Windows Internet Naming Service (WINS) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (connectivity loss) or steal credentials via a 1Ch registration that causes WINS to change the domain controller to point to a malicious server.  NOTE: this problem may be limited when Windows 95/98 clients are used, or if the primary domain controller becomes unavailable.
      RealMedia server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long ramgen request.
      Buffer overflow in ZBServer Pro 1.50 allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long GET request.
      Buffer overflow in UnixWare rtpm program allows local users to gain privileges via a long environmental variable.
      ZBServer Pro allows remote attackers to read source code for executable files by inserting a . (dot) into the URL.
      HP-UX aserver program allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack.
      strace allows local users to read arbitrary files via memory mapped file names.
      Trend Micro PC-Cillin does not restrict access to its internal proxy port, allowing remote attackers to conduct a denial of service.
      FTPPro allows local users to read sensitive information, which is stored in plain text.
      The bna_pass program in Optivity NETarchitect uses the PATH environmental variable for finding the "rm" program, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands.
      WebWho+ whois.cgi program allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters in the TLD parameter.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX SimpleServer:WWW HTTP server allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long GET request.
      Buffer overflow in w3-msql CGI program in miniSQL package allows remote attackers to execute commands.
      IRIX soundplayer program allows local users to gain privileges by including shell metacharacters in a .wav file, which is executed via the midikeys program.
      Denial of service in Savant web server via a null character in the requested URL.
      CascadeView TFTP server allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Anywhere POP3 Mail Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute commands via a long username.
      Buffer overflow in Linux linuxconf package allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via a long parameter.
      wmmon in FreeBSD allows local users to gain privileges via the .wmmonrc configuration file.
      IMail POP3 daemon uses weak encryption, which allows local users to read files.
      DNS PRO allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a large number of connections.
      Lotus Domino HTTP server allows remote attackers to determine the real path of the server via a request to a non-existent script in /cgi-bin.
      Lotus Domino HTTP server does not properly disable anonymous access for the cgi-bin directory.
      Buffer overflow in Lotus Domino HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL.
      IIS does not properly canonicalize URLs, potentially allowing remote attackers to bypass access restrictions in third-party software via escape characters, aka the "Escape Character Parsing" vulnerability.
      IIS 4.0 and Site Server 3.0 allow remote attackers to read source code for ASP files if the file is in a virtual directory whose name includes extensions such as .com, .exe, .sh, .cgi, or .dll, aka the "Virtual Directory Naming" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in UnixWare i2odialogd daemon allows remote attackers to gain root access via a long username/password authorization string.
      IBM Network Station Manager NetStation allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 and 5.01 allows remote attackers to bypass the cross frame security policy and read files via the external.NavigateAndFind function.
      UnixWare pis and mkpis commands allow local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack.
      Solaris dmispd dmi_cmd allows local users to fill up restricted disk space by adding files to the /var/dmi/db database.
      The initscripts package in Red Hat Linux allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack.
      Solaris dmi_cmd allows local users to crash the dmispd daemon by adding a malformed file to the /var/dmi/db database.
      InterScan VirusWall SMTP scanner does not properly scan messages with malformed attachments.
      Netscape 4.7 records user passwords in the preferences.js file during an IMAP or POP session, even if the user has not enabled "remember passwords."
      resend command in Majordomo allows local users to gain privileges via shell metacharacters.
      Outlook Express 5 for Macintosh downloads attachments to HTML mail without prompting the user, aka the "HTML Mail Attachment" vulnerability.
      Majordomo wrapper allows local users to gain privileges by specifying an alternate configuration file.
      glFtpD includes a default glftpd user account with a default password and a UID of 0.
      AltaVista search engine allows remote attackers to read files above the document root via a .. (dot dot) in the query.cgi CGI program.
      glFtpD allows local users to gain privileges via metacharacters in the SITE ZIPCHK command.
      Macintosh systems generate large ICMP datagrams in response to malformed datagrams, allowing them to be used as amplifiers in a flood attack.
      Buffer overflow in CSM mail server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute commands via a long HELO command.
      Buffer overflow in CamShot WebCam HTTP server allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long GET request.
      Macros in War FTP 1.70 and 1.67b2 allow local or remote attackers to read arbitrary files or execute commands.
      MySQL allows local users to modify passwords for arbitrary MySQL users via the GRANT privilege.
      Buffer overflow in ICQ 99b 1.1.1.1 client allows remote attackers to execute commands via a malformed URL within an ICQ message.
      Buffer overflow in Yahoo Pager/Messenger client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL within a message.
      get_it program in Corel Linux Update allows local users to gain root access by specifying an alternate PATH for the cp program.
      Buffer overflow in Winamp client allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long entry in a .pls file.
      The Allaire Spectra Webtop allows authenticated users to access other Webtop sections by specifying explicit URLs.
      The Allaire Spectra Configuration Wizard allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly resubmitting data collections for indexing via a URL.
      Red Hat userhelper program in the usermode package allows local users to gain root access via PAM and a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Microsoft Commercial Internet System (MCIS) IMAP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed IMAP request.
      search.cgi in the SolutionScripts Home Free package allows remote attackers to view directories via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris chkperm command allows local users to gain root access via a long -n option.
      IMail IMONITOR status.cgi CGI script allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service with many calls to status.cgi.
      Cold Fusion CFCACHE tag places temporary cache files within the web document root, allowing remote attackers to obtain sensitive system information.
      Network HotSync program in Handspring Visor does not have authentication, which allows remote attackers to retrieve email and files.
      PHP3 with safe_mode enabled does not properly filter shell metacharacters from commands that are executed by popen, which could allow remote attackers to execute commands.
      Buffer overflow in aVirt Rover POP3 server 1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long user name.
      Internet Explorer 5 does not modify the security zone for a document that is being loaded into a window until after the document has been loaded, which could allow remote attackers to execute Javascript in a different security context while the document is loading.
      The DTML implementation in the Z Object Publishing Environment (Zope) allows remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities.
      cgiproc CGI script in Nortel Contivity HTTP server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the filename in a parameter to the script.
      cgiproc CGI script in Nortel Contivity HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed URL that includes shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in InetServ 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long GET request.
      WebSite Pro allows remote attackers to determine the real pathname of webdirectories via a malformed URL request.
      CyberCash Merchant Connection Kit (MCK) allows local users to modify files via a symlink attack.
      daynad program in Intel InBusiness E-mail Station does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to modify its configuration, delete files, or read mail.
      The recover program in Solstice Backup allows local users to restore sensitive files.
      NtImpersonateClientOfPort local procedure call in Windows NT 4.0 allows local users to gain privileges, aka "Spoofed LPC Port Request."
      IIS 4.0 allows a remote attacker to obtain the real pathname of the document root by requesting non-existent files with .ida or .idq extensions.
      Visual Casel (Vcasel) does not properly prevent users from executing files, which allows local users to use a relative pathname to specify an alternate file which has an approved name and possibly gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Rich Text Format (RTF) reader allows attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed control word.
      PowerScripts PlusMail CGI program allows remote attackers to execute commands via a password file with improper permissions.
      Super Mail Transfer Package (SMTP), later called MsgCore, has a memory leak which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeating multiple HELO, MAIL FROM, RCPT TO, and DATA commands in the same session.
      nviboot boot script in the Debian nvi package allows local users to delete files via malformed entries in vi.recover.
      The October 1998 version of the HP-UX aserver program allows local users to gain privileges by specifying an alternate PATH which aserver uses to find the ps and grep commands.
      The June 1999 version of the HP-UX aserver program allows local users to gain privileges by specifying an alternate PATH which aserver uses to find the awk command.
      The W3C CERN httpd HTTP server allows remote attackers to determine the real pathnames of some commands via a request for a nonexistent URL.
      AIX techlibss allows local users to overwrite files via a symlink attack.
      Hotmail does not properly filter JavaScript code from a user's mailbox, which allows a remote attacker to execute the code by using hexadecimal codes to specify the javascript: protocol, e.g. j&#x41;vascript.
      WebTV email client allows remote attackers to force the client to send email without the user's knowledge via HTML.
      HP asecure creates the Audio Security File audio.sec with insecure permissions, which allows local users to cause a denial of service or gain additional privileges.
      CuteFTP uses weak encryption to store password information in its tree.dat file.
      Hotmail does not properly filter JavaScript code from a user's mailbox, which allows a remote attacker to execute code via the LOWSRC or DYNRC parameters in the IMG tag.
      Netopia Timbuktu Pro sends user IDs and passwords in cleartext, which allows remote attackers to obtain them via sniffing.
      Netscape Mail Notification (nsnotify) utility in Netscape Communicator uses IMAP without SSL, even if the user has set a preference for Communicator to use an SSL connection, allowing a remote attacker to sniff usernames and passwords in plaintext.
      Buffer overflow in the conversion utilities for Japanese, Korean and Chinese Word 5 documents allows an attacker to execute commands, aka the "Malformed Conversion Data" vulnerability.
      The rdisk utility in Microsoft Terminal Server Edition and Windows NT 4.0 stores registry hive information in a temporary file with permissions that allow local users to read it, aka the "RDISK Registry Enumeration File" vulnerability.
      VMWare 1.1.2 allows local users to cause a denial of service via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in vchkpw/vpopmail POP authentication package allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via a long username or password.
      The BSD make program allows local users to modify files via a symlink attack when the -j option is being used.
      An installation of Red Hat uses DES password encryption with crypt() for the initial password, instead of md5.
      procfs in BSD systems allows local users to gain root privileges by modifying the /proc/pid/mem interface via a modified file descriptor for stderr.
      The PMTU discovery procedure used by HP-UX 10.30 and 11.00 for determining the optimum MTU generates large amounts of traffic in response to small packets, allowing remote attackers to cause the system to be used as a packet amplifier.
      Buffer overflow in qpopper 3.0 beta versions allows local users to gain privileges via a long LIST command.
      The WebHits ISAPI filter in Microsoft Index Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files, aka the "Malformed Hit-Highlighting Argument" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Index Server allows remote attackers to determine the real path for a web directory via a request to an Internet Data Query file that does not exist.
      Buffer overflow in UnixWare ppptalk command allows local users to gain privileges via a long prompt argument.
      The SMS Remote Control program is installed with insecure permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying or replacing the program.
      The Make-a-Store OrderPage shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The SalesCart shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The SmartCart shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The Shoptron shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      Outlook Express 5.01 and Internet Explorer 5.01 allow remote attackers to view a user's email messages via a script that accesses a variable that references subsequent email messages that are read by the client.
      The EasyCart shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      Linux apcd program allows local attackers to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      The Intellivend shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The mcsp Client Site Processor system (MultiCSP) in Standard and Poor's ComStock is installed with several accounts that have no passwords or easily guessable default passwords.
      The WebSiteTool shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The RightFax web client uses predictable session numbers, which allows remote attackers to hijack user sessions.
      The default installation of Debian GNU/Linux uses an insecure Master Boot Record (MBR) which allows a local user to boot from a floppy disk during the installation.
      The SyGate Remote Management program does not properly restrict access to its administration service, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, or access network traffic statistics.
      Frontpage Server Extensions allows remote attackers to determine the name of the anonymous account via an RPC POST request to shtml.dll in the /_vti_bin/ virtual directory.
      IIS allows local users to cause a denial of service via invalid regular expressions in a Visual Basic script in an ASP page.
      Firewall-1 does not properly filter script tags, which allows remote attackers to bypass the "Strip Script Tags" restriction by including an extra < in front of the SCRIPT tag.
      The siteUserMod.cgi program in Cobalt RaQ2 servers allows any Site Administrator to modify passwords for other users, site administrators, and possibly admin (root).
      The Red Hat Linux su program does not log failed password guesses if the su process is killed before it times out, which allows local attackers to conduct brute force password guessing.
      The default configurations for McAfee Virus Scan and Norton Anti-Virus virus checkers do not check files in the RECYCLED folder that is used by the Windows Recycle Bin utility, which allows attackers to store malicious code without detection.
      The Remote Access Service invoke.cfm template in Allaire Spectra 1.0 allows users to bypass authentication via the bAuthenticated parameter.
      The Recycle Bin utility in Windows NT and Windows 2000 allows local users to read or modify files by creating a subdirectory with the victim's SID in the recycler directory, aka the "Recycle Bin Creation" vulnerability.
      Frontpage Server Extensions allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of a virtual directory via a GET request to the htimage.exe CGI program.
      The shopping cart application provided with Filemaker allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      surfCONTROL SuperScout does not properly asign a category to web sites with a . (dot) at the end, which may allow users to bypass web access restrictions.
      wwwthreads does not properly cleanse numeric data or table names that are passed to SQL queries, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges for wwwthreads forums.
      Sample Internet Data Query (IDQ) scripts in IIS 3 and 4 allow remote attackers to read files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The Webspeed configuration program does not properly disable access to the WSMadmin utility, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges via wsisa.dll.
      The Finger Server 0.82 allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in the SHGetPathFromIDList function of the Serv-U FTP server allows attackers to cause a denial of service by performing a LIST command on a malformed .lnk file.
      Buffer overflow in SCO scohelp program allows remote attackers to execute commands.
      Buffer overflow in War FTPd 1.6x allows users to cause a denial of service via long MKD and CWD commands.
      Microsoft Java Virtual Machine allows remote attackers to read files via the getSystemResourceAsStream function.
      Buffer overflows in Tiny FTPd 0.52 beta3 FTP server allows users to execute commands via the STOR, RNTO, MKD, XMKD, RMD, XRMD, APPE, SIZE, and RNFR commands.
      The Check It Out shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The @Retail shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The Cart32 shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The CartIt shopping cart application allows remote users to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      A system has a distributed denial of service (DDOS) attack master, agent, or zombie installed, such as (1) Trinoo, (2) Tribe Flood Network (TFN), (3) Tribe Flood Network 2000 (TFN2K), (4) stacheldraht, (5) mstream, or (6) shaft.
      Internet Anywhere POP3 Mail Server allows local users to cause a denial of service via a malformed RETR command.
      Internet Anywhere POP3 Mail Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of connections.
      Infopop Ultimate Bulletin Board (UBB) allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters in the topic hidden field.
      The authentication protocol in Timbuktu Pro 2.0b650 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via connections to port 407 and 1417.
      The SSH protocol server sshd allows local users without shell access to redirect a TCP connection through a service that uses the standard system password database for authentication, such as POP or FTP.
      Axis 700 Network Scanner does not properly restrict access to administrator URLs, which allows users to bypass the password protection via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The libguile.so library file used by gnucash in Debian GNU/Linux is installed with world-writable permissions.
      The Java Server in the Novell GroupWise Web Access Enhancement Pack allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL to the servlet.
      snmpd in SCO OpenServer has an SNMP community string that is writable by default, which allows local attackers to modify the host's configuration.
      MySQL 3.22 allows remote attackers to bypass password authentication and access a database via a short check string.
      Zeus web server allows remote attackers to view the source code for CGI programs via a null character (%00) at the end of a URL.
      Check Point Firewall-1 allows remote attackers to bypass port access restrictions on an FTP server by forcing it to send malicious packets that Firewall-1 misinterprets as a valid 227 response to a client's PASV attempt.
      GNU make follows symlinks when it reads a Makefile from stdin, which allows other local users to execute commands.
      Remote attackers can cause a denial of service in Novell BorderManager 3.5 by pressing the enter key in a telnet connection to port 2000.
      FrontPage Personal Web Server (PWS) allows remote attackers to read files via a .... (dot dot) attack.
      The ARCserve agent in UnixWare allows local attackers to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Windows NT Autorun executes the autorun.inf file on non-removable media, which allows local attackers to specify an alternate program to execute when other users access a drive.
      Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x allows remote web servers to access files on the client that are outside of its security domain, aka the "Image Source Redirect" vulnerability.
      NetBSD ptrace call on VAX allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the PSL contents in the debugging process.
      Buffer overflow in MMDF server allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a long MAIL FROM command to the SMTP daemon.
      HP Ignite-UX does not save /etc/passwd when it creates an image of a trusted system, which can set the password field to a blank and allow an attacker to gain privileges.
      The Microsoft Active Setup ActiveX component in Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x allows a remote attacker to install software components without prompting the user by stating that the software's manufacturer is Microsoft.
      Sample web sites on Microsoft Site Server 3.0 Commerce Edition do not validate an identification number, which allows remote attackers to execute SQL commands.
      The Microsoft virtual machine (VM) in Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x allows a remote attacker to read files via a malicious Java applet that escapes the Java sandbox, aka the "VM File Reading" vulnerability.
      asmon and ascpu in FreeBSD allow local users to gain root privileges via a configuration file.
      The installation of Sun Internet Mail Server (SIMS) creates a world-readable file that allows local users to obtain passwords.
      The Delegate application proxy has several buffer overflows which allow a remote attacker to execute commands.
      Buffer overflow in the InterAccess telnet server TelnetD allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long login name.
      IIS Inetinfo.exe allows local users to cause a denial of service by creating a mail file with a long name and a .txt.eml extension in the pickup directory.
      Microsoft Windows 9x operating systems allow an attacker to cause a denial of service via a pathname that includes file device names, aka the "DOS Device in Path Name" vulnerability.
      Batch files in the Oracle web listener ows-bin directory allow remote attackers to execute commands via a malformed URL that includes '?&'.
      Buffer overflow in the man program in Linux allows local users to gain privileges via the MANPAGER environmental variable.
      atsadc in the atsar package for Linux does not properly check the permissions of an output file, which allows local users to gain root privileges.
      The mtr program only uses a seteuid call when attempting to drop privileges, which could allow local users to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in the EELS system in SCO UnixWare 7.1.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      StarOffice StarScheduler web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in StarOffice StarScheduler web server allows remote attackers to gain root access via a long GET command.
      The default configuration of Serv-U 2.5d and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the real pathname of the server by requesting a URL for a directory or file that does not exist.
      DNSTools CGI applications allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      ServerIron switches by Foundry Networks have predictable TCP/IP sequence numbers, which allows remote attackers to spoof or hijack sessions.
      HP OpenView OmniBack 2.55 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of connections to port 5555.
      Sojourn search engine allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Firewall-1 3.0 and 4.0 leaks packets with private IP address information, which could allow remote attackers to determine the real IP address of the host that is making the connection.
      iPlanet Web Server 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of GET commands, which consumes memory and causes a kernel panic.
      Buffer overflow in ircII 4.4 IRC client allows remote attackers to execute commands via the DCC chat capability.
      Linux printtool sets the permissions of printer configuration files to be world-readable, which allows local attackers to obtain printer share passwords.
      RealMedia RealServer reveals the real IP address of a Real Server, even if the address is supposed to be private.
      Buffer overflow in the dump utility in the Linux ext2fs backup package allows local users to gain privileges via a long command line argument.
      EZShopper 3.0 loadpage.cgi CGI script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack or execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      EZShopper 3.0 search.cgi CGI script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack or execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      ColdFusion Server 4.x allows remote attackers to determine the real pathname of the server via an HTTP request to the application.cfm or onrequestend.cfm files.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a message with a malformed ASCII value.
      Axis StorPoint CD allows remote attackers to access administrator URLs without authentication via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The default installation of Caldera OpenLinux 2.3 includes the CGI program rpm_query, which allows remote attackers to determine what packages are installed on the system.
      The default configuration of Dosemu in Corel Linux 1.0 allows local users to execute the system.com program and gain privileges.
      buildxconf in Corel Linux allows local users to modify or create arbitrary files via the -x or -f parameters.
      setxconf in Corel Linux allows local users to gain root access via the -T parameter, which executes the user's .xserverrc file.
      Buffer overflow in mhshow in the Linux nmh package allows remote attackers to execute commands via malformed MIME headers in an email message.
      The Windows NT scheduler uses the drive mapping of the interactive user who is currently logged onto the system, which allows the local user to gain privileges by providing a Trojan horse batch file in place of the original batch file.
      Buffer overflow in POP3 and IMAP servers in the MERCUR mail server suite allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      When a new SQL Server is registered in Enterprise Manager for Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and the "Always prompt for login name and password" option is not set, then the Enterprise Manager uses weak encryption to store the login ID and password.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Clip Art Gallery allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute commands via a malformed CIL (clip art library) file, aka the "Clip Art Buffer Overrun" vulnerability.
      The window.showHelp() method in Internet Explorer 5.x does not restrict HTML help files (.chm) to be executed from the local host, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via Microsoft Networking.
      Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and Microsoft Data Engine (MSDE) 1.0 allow remote attackers to gain privileges via a malformed Select statement in an SQL query.
      The Trend Micro OfficeScan client tmlisten.exe allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed data to port 12345.
      The Trend Micro OfficeScan client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by making 5 connections to port 12345, which raises CPU utilization to 100%.
      Trend Micro OfficeScan allows remote attackers to replay administrative commands and modify the configuration of OfficeScan clients.
      The installation of Oracle 8.1.5.x on Linux follows symlinks and creates the orainstRoot.sh file with world-writeable permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      SGI InfoSearch CGI program infosrch.cgi allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      The htdig (ht://Dig) CGI program htsearch allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by enclosing the file name with backticks (`) in parameters to htsearch.
      Buffer overflow in Lynx 2.x allows remote attackers to crash Lynx and possibly execute commands via a long URL in a malicious web page.
      The lit program in Sun Flex License Manager (FlexLM) follows symlinks, which allows local users to modify arbitrary files.
      The Windows Media server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of client handshake packets that are sent in an improper sequence, aka the "Misordered Windows Media Services Handshake" vulnerability.
      InterAccess TelnetD Server 4.0 allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via malformed terminal client configuration information.
      The Sambar server includes batch files ECHO.BAT and HELLO.BAT in the CGI directory, which allow remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      FTP Explorer uses weak encryption for storing the username, password, and profile of FTP sites.
      Vulnerability in SCO cu program in UnixWare 7.x allows local users to gain privileges.
      Microsoft email clients in Outlook, Exchange, and Windows Messaging automatically respond to Read Receipt and Delivery Receipt tags, which could allow an attacker to flood a mail system with responses by forging a Read Receipt request that is redirected to a large distribution list.
      The default configuration of SSH allows X forwarding, which could allow a remote attacker to control a client's X sessions via a malicious xauth program.
      Buffer overflow in Linux mount and umount allows local users to gain root privileges via a long relative pathname.
      Red Hat 6.0 allows local users to gain root access by booting single user and hitting ^C at the password prompt.
      ZoneAlarm sends sensitive system and network information in cleartext to the Zone Labs server if a user requests more information about an event.
      The Nautica Marlin bridge allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a zero length UDP packet to the SNMP port.
      The installation for Windows 2000 does not activate the Administrator password until the system has rebooted, which allows remote attackers to connect to the ADMIN$ share without a password until the reboot occurs.
      Buffer overflow in the wmcdplay CD player program for the WindowMaker desktop allows local users to gain root privileges via a long parameter.
      ARCserve agent in SCO UnixWare 7.x allows local attackers to gain root privileges via a symlink attack.
      The Pocsag POC32 program does not properly prevent remote users from accessing its server port, even if the option has been disabled.
      IIS 4.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service by requesting a large buffer in a POST or PUT command which consumes memory, aka the "Chunked Transfer Encoding Buffer Overflow Vulnerability."
      The Linux 2.2.x kernel does not restrict the number of Unix domain sockets as defined by the wmem_max parameter, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by requesting a large number of sockets.
      Microsoft Windows Media License Manager allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a malformed request that causes the manager to halt, aka the "Malformed Media License Request" Vulnerability.
      gpm-root in the gpm package does not properly drop privileges, which allows local users to gain privileges by starting a utility from gpm-root.
      Buffer overflow in imwheel allows local users to gain root privileges via the imwheel-solo script and a long HOME environmental variable.
      Linux kreatecd trusts a user-supplied path that is used to find the cdrecord program, allowing local users to gain root privileges.
      Microsoft TCP/IP Printing Services, aka Print Services for Unix, allows an attacker to cause a denial of service via a malformed TCP/IP print request.
      SuSE Linux IMAP server allows remote attackers to bypass IMAP authentication and gain privileges.
      The default configuration of Cobalt RaQ2 and RaQ3 as specified in access.conf allows remote attackers to view sensitive contents of a .htaccess file.
      Buffer overflow in the huh program in the orville-write package allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Netscape Enterprise Server with Directory Indexing enabled allows remote attackers to list server directories via web publishing tags such as ?wp-ver-info and ?wp-cs-dump.
      Netscape Enterprise Server with Web Publishing enabled allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories via a GET request for the /publisher directory, which provides a Java applet that allows the attacker to browse the directories.
      Buffer overflow in the web server for Norton AntiVirus for Internet Email Gateways allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL.
      Buffer overflow in the MERCUR WebView WebMail server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long mail_user parameter in the GET request.
      vqSoft vqServer program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a /........../ in the URL, a variation of a .. (dot dot) attack.
      vqSoft vqServer stores sensitive information such as passwords in cleartext in the server.cfg file, which allows attackers to gain privileges.
      WindMail allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      AnalogX SimpleServer:WWW HTTP server 1.03 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a short GET request to cgi-bin.
      The Citrix ICA (Independent Computing Architecture) protocol uses weak encryption (XOR) for user authentication.
      Vulnerability in SGI IRIX objectserver daemon allows remote attackers to create user accounts.
      IIS 4.0 and 5.0 does not properly perform ISAPI extension processing if a virtual directory is mapped to a UNC share, which allows remote attackers to read the source code of ASP and other files, aka the "Virtualized UNC Share" vulnerability.
      Unknown vulnerability in Generic-NQS (GNQS) allows local users to gain root privileges.
      The web GUI for the Linux Virtual Server (LVS) software in the Red Hat Linux Piranha package has a backdoor password that allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      The AIX Fast Response Cache Accelerator (FRCA) allows local users to modify arbitrary files via the configuration capability in the frcactrl program.
      The crypt function in QNX uses weak encryption, which allows local users to decrypt passwords.
      HP-UX 11.04 VirtualVault (VVOS) sends data to unprivileged processes via an interface that has multiple aliased IP addresses.
      The dansie shopping cart application cart.pl allows remote attackers to execute commands via a shell metacharacters in a form variable.
      The dansie shopping cart application cart.pl allows remote attackers to modify sensitive purchase information via hidden form fields.
      The dansie shopping cart application cart.pl allows remote attackers to obtain the shopping cart database and configuration information via a URL that references either the env, db, or vars form variables.
      The Nbase-Xyplex EdgeBlaster router allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a scan for the FormMail CGI program.
      Buffer overflows in htimage.exe and Imagemap.exe in FrontPage 97 and 98 Server Extensions allow a user to conduct activities that are not otherwise available through the web site, aka the "Server-Side Image Map Components" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in the NetWare remote web administration utility allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute commands via a long URL.
      IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending many URLs with a large number of escaped characters, aka the "Myriad Escaped Characters" Vulnerability.
      The default permissions for the Cryptography\Offload registry key used by the OffloadModExpo in Windows NT 4.0 allows local users to obtain compromise the cryptographic keys of other users.
      Buffer overflow in the dvwssr.dll DLL in Microsoft Visual Interdev 1.0 allows users to cause a denial of service or execute commands, aka the "Link View Server-Side Component" vulnerability.
      The AVM KEN! web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The AVM KEN! ISDN Proxy server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed request.
      The X font server xfs in Red Hat Linux 6.x allows an attacker to cause a denial of service via a malformed request.
      Panda Security 3.0 with registry editing disabled allows users to edit the registry and gain privileges by directly executing a .reg file or using other methods.
      Panda Security 3.0 allows users to uninstall the Panda software via its Add/Remove Programs applet.
      Internet Explorer 5.01 allows remote attackers to bypass the cross frame security policy via a malicious applet that interacts with the Java JSObject to modify the DOM properties to set the IFRAME to an arbitrary Javascript URL.
      Cisco Catalyst 5.4.x allows a user to gain access to the "enable" mode without a password.
      Cisco IOS 11.x and 12.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending the ENVIRON option to the Telnet daemon before it is ready to accept it, which causes the system to reboot.
      Emacs 20 does not properly set permissions for a slave PTY device when starting a new subprocess, which allows local users to read or modify communications between Emacs and the subprocess.
      The make-temp-name Lisp function in Emacs 20 creates temporary files with predictable names, which allows attackers to conduct a symlink attack.
      read-passwd and other Lisp functions in Emacs 20 do not properly clear the history of recently typed keys, which allows an attacker to read unencrypted passwords.
      RealNetworks RealServer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending malformed input to the server at port 7070.
      PCAnywhere allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by terminating the connection before PCAnywhere provides a login prompt.
      The Linux trustees kernel patch allows attackers to cause a denial of service by accessing a file or directory with a long name.
      CRYPTOCard CryptoAdmin for PalmOS uses weak encryption to store a user's PIN number, which allows an attacker with access to the .PDB file to generate valid PT-1 tokens after cracking the PIN.
      BeOS 4.5 and 5.0 allow local users to cause a denial of service via malformed direct system calls using interrupt 37.
      Microsoft Excel 97 and 2000 does not warn the user when executing Excel Macro Language (XLM) macros in external text files, which could allow an attacker to execute a macro virus, aka the "XLM Text Macro" vulnerability.
      The SalesLogix Eviewer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by accessing the URL for the slxweb.dll administration program, which does not authenticate the user.
      BeOS allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed packets whose length field is less than the length of the headers.
      Buffer overflow in the RealNetworks RealPlayer client versions 6 and 7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long Location URL.
      Buffer overflow in the Napster client beta 5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long message.
      TalentSoft webpsvr daemon in the Web+ shopping cart application allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the webplus CGI program.
      The default installation of IRIX Performance Copilot allows remote attackers to access sensitive system information via the pmcd daemon.
      Buffer overflow in University of Washington imapd version 4.7 allows users with a valid account to execute commands via LIST or other commands.
      Buffer overflow in XFree86 3.3.x allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long -xkbmap parameter.
      X fontserver xfs allows local users to cause a denial of service via malformed input to the server.
      The BizDB CGI script bizdb-search.cgi allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the dbname parameter.
      Infonautics getdoc.cgi allows remote attackers to bypass the payment phase for accessing documents via a modified form variable.
      IP masquerading in Linux 2.2.x allows remote attackers to route UDP packets through the internal interface by modifying the external source IP address and port number to match those of an established connection.
      Buffer overflow in Webstar HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long GET request.
      Buffer overflow in Star Office 5.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service by embedding a long URL within a document.
      The Adtran MX2800 M13 Multiplexer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a ping flood to the Ethernet interface, which causes the device to crash.
      aaa_base in SuSE Linux 6.3, and cron.daily in earlier versions, allow local users to delete arbitrary files by creating files whose names include spaces, which are then incorrectly interpreted by aaa_base when it deletes expired files from the /tmp directory.
      Buffer overflow in healthd for FreeBSD allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in LCDproc allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via the screen_add command.
      fcheck allows local users to gain privileges by embedding shell metacharacters into file names that are processed by fcheck.
      Allaire Forums 2.0.5 allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions to secure conferences via the rightAccessAllForums or rightModerateAllForums variables.
      The unattended installation of Windows 2000 with the OEMPreinstall option sets insecure permissions for the All Users and Default Users directories.
      Buffer overflow in WebObjects.exe in the WebObjects Developer 4.5 package allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTTP request with long headers such as Accept.
      The default encryption method of PcAnywhere 9.x uses weak encryption, which allows remote attackers to sniff and decrypt PcAnywhere or NT domain accounts.
      Ipswitch IMAIL server 6.02 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via the AUTH CRAM-MD5 command.
      Microsoft Index Server allows remote attackers to view the source code of ASP files by appending a %20 to the filename in the CiWebHitsFile argument to the null.htw URL.
      Quake3 Arena allows malicious server operators to read or modify files on a client via a dot dot (..) attack.
      Microsoft IIS 4.0 and 5.0 with the IISADMPWD virtual directory installed allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a malformed request to the inetinfo.exe program, aka the "Undelimited .HTR Request" vulnerability.
      Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows NT 4.0, and Terminal Server systems allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of identical fragmented IP packets, aka jolt2 or the "IP Fragment Reassembly" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in calserver in SCO OpenServer allows remote attackers to gain root access via a long message.
      Vulnerability in xserver in SCO UnixWare 2.1.x and OpenServer 5.05 and earlier allows an attacker to cause a denial of service which prevents access to reserved port numbers below 1024.
      Insecure file permissions for Netscape FastTrack Server 2.x, Enterprise Server 2.0, and Proxy Server 2.5 in SCO UnixWare 7.0.x and 2.1.3 allow an attacker to gain root privileges.
      The i386 trace-trap handling in OpenBSD 2.4 with DDB enabled allows a local user to cause a denial of service.
      IP fragment assembly in OpenBSD 2.4 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of fragmented packets.
      The Windows 2000 domain controller allows a malicious user to modify Active Directory information by modifying an unprotected attribute, aka the "Mixed Object Access" vulnerability.
      cron in OpenBSD 2.5 allows local users to gain root privileges via an argv[] that is not NULL terminated, which is passed to cron's fake popen function.
      Vulnerability in OpenBSD 2.6 allows a local user to change interface media configurations.
      traceroute in NetBSD 1.3.3 and Linux systems allows local users to flood other systems by providing traceroute with a large waittime (-w) option, which is not parsed properly and sets the time delay for sending packets to zero.
      traceroute in NetBSD 1.3.3 and Linux systems allows local unprivileged users to modify the source address of the packets, which could be used in spoofing attacks.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris 7 lp allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -d option.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris 7 lpset allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -r option.
      Atrium Mercur Mail Server 3.2 allows local attackers to read other user's email and create arbitrary files via a dot dot (..) attack.
      mail.local in Sendmail 8.10.x does not properly identify the .\n string which identifies the end of message text, which allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service or corrupt mailboxes via a message line that is 2047 characters long and ends in .\n.
      Qpopper 2.53 and 3.0 does not properly identify the \n string which identifies the end of message text, which allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service or corrupt mailboxes via a message line that is 1023 characters long and ends in \n.
      Buffer overflow in IC Radius package allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a long user name.
      The passwd.php3 CGI script in the Red Hat Piranha Virtual Server Package allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      The Microsoft Jet database engine allows an attacker to modify text files via a database query, aka the "Text I-ISAM" vulnerability.
      pcAnywhere 8.x and 9.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a TCP SYN scan, e.g. by nmap.
      The Microsoft Jet database engine allows an attacker to execute commands via a database query, aka the "VBA Shell" vulnerability.
      Meeting Maker uses weak encryption (a polyalphabetic substitution cipher) for passwords, which allows remote attackers to sniff and decrypt passwords for Meeting Maker accounts.
      Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) allows remote attackers to escape the Java sandbox and execute commands via an applet containing an illegal cast operation, aka the "Virtual Machine Verifier" vulnerability.
      Windows NT 4.0 generates predictable random TCP initial sequence numbers (ISN), which allows remote attackers to perform spoofing and session hijacking.
      A Microsoft ActiveX control allows a remote attacker to execute a malicious cabinet file via an attachment and an embedded script in an HTML mail, aka the "Active Setup Control" vulnerability.
      The networking software in Windows 95 and Windows 98 allows remote attackers to execute commands via a long file name string, aka the "File Access URL" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft command processor (CMD.EXE) for Windows NT and Windows 2000 allows a local user to cause a denial of service via a long environment variable, aka the "Malformed Environment Variable" vulnerability.
      UltraBoard.pl or UltraBoard.cgi CGI scripts in UltraBoard 1.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a pathname string that includes a dot dot (..) and ends with a null byte.
      tcpdump, Ethereal, and other sniffer packages allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed DNS packets in which a jump offset refers to itself, which causes tcpdump to enter an infinite loop while decompressing the packet.
      The Allaire Spectra container editor preview tool does not properly enforce object security, which allows an attacker to conduct unauthorized activities via an object-method that is added to the container object with a publishing rule.
      The resolver in glibc 2.1.3 uses predictable IDs, which allows a local attacker to spoof DNS query results.
      Linux OpenLDAP server allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in Xsun X server in Solaris 7 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -dev parameter.
      Concurrent Versions Software (CVS) uses predictable temporary file names for locking, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by creating the lock directory before it is created for use by a legitimate CVS user.
      ZoneAlarm 2.1.10 and earlier does not filter UDP packets with a source port of 67, which allows remote attackers to bypass the firewall rules.
      Buffer overflow in Gnomelib in SuSE Linux 6.3 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via the DISPLAY environmental variable.
      ATRIUM Cassandra NNTP Server 1.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long login name.
      Eudora 4.x allows remote attackers to bypass the user warning for executable attachments such as .exe, .com, and .bat by using a .lnk file that refers to the attachment, aka "Stealth Attachment."
      Buffer overflow in Sniffit 0.3.x with the -L logging option enabled allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long MAIL FROM mail header.
      The knfsd NFS server in Linux kernel 2.2.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a negative size value.
      The on-line help system options in Cisco routers allows non-privileged users without "enabled" access to obtain sensitive information via the show command.
      AppleShare IP 6.1 and later allows a remote attacker to read potentially sensitive information via an invalid range request to the web server.
      Windows 95 and Windows 98 allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a NetBIOS session request packet with a NULL source name.
      A vulnerability in the Sendmail configuration file sendmail.cf as installed in SCO UnixWare 7.1.0 and earlier allows an attacker to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in the passthru driver in SCO UnixWare 7.1.0 allows an attacker to cause a denial of service.
      A debugging feature in NetworkICE ICEcap 2.0.23 and earlier is enabled, which allows a remote attacker to bypass the weak authentication and post unencrypted events.
      Some packaging commands in SCO UnixWare 7.1.0 have insecure privileges, which allows local users to add or remove software packages.
      Pine before version 4.21 does not properly filter shell metacharacters from URLs, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed URL.
      Pine 4.x allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands via an index.html file which executes lynx and obtains a uudecoded file from a malicious web server, which is then executed by Pine.
      mirror 2.8.x in Linux systems allows remote attackers to create files one level above the local target directory.
      pg and pb in SuSE pbpg 1.x package allows an attacker to read arbitrary files.
      Pluggable Authentication Modules (PAM) in Red Hat Linux 6.1 does not properly lock access to disabled NIS accounts.
      ORBit and esound in Red Hat Linux 6.1 do not use sufficiently random numbers, which allows local users to guess the authentication keys.
      ORBit and gnome-session in Red Hat Linux 6.1 allows remote attackers to crash a program.
      Buffer overflow in Trivial HTTP (THTTPd) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a long If-Modified-Since header.
      Buffer overflow in INN 2.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a maliciously formatted article.
      The PPP wvdial.lxdialog script in wvdial 1.4 and earlier creates a .config file with world readable permissions, which allows a local attacker in the dialout group to access login and password information.
      Buffer overflows in Linux cdwtools 093 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Linux cdwtools 093 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via the /tmp directory.
      screen and rxvt in Red Hat Linux 6.0 do not properly set the modes of tty devices, which allows local users to write to other ttys.
      Red Hat Linux 6.0 installs the /dev/pts file system with insecure modes, which allows local users to write to other tty devices.
      dump in Debian GNU/Linux 2.1 does not properly restore symlinks, which allows a local user to modify the ownership of arbitrary files.
      Vulnerability in eterm 0.8.8 in Debian GNU/Linux allows an attacker to gain root privileges.
      Classic Cisco IOS 9.1 and later allows attackers with access to the login prompt to obtain portions of the command history of previous users, which may allow the attacker to access sensitive data.
      The IDENT server in Caldera Linux 2.3 creates multiple threads for each IDENT request, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      The debug option in Caldera Linux smail allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell metacharacters in the -D option for the rmail command.
      The libmediatool library used for the KDE mediatool allows local users to create arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Vulnerability in Caldera rmt command in the dump package 0.4b4 allows a local user to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerabilities in the KDE kvt terminal program allow local users to gain root privileges.
      The default configuration of kdm in Caldera and Mandrake Linux, and possibly other distributions, allows XDMCP connections from any host, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or bypass additional access restrictions.
      The kernel in FreeBSD 3.2 follows symbolic links when it creates core dump files, which allows local attackers to modify arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in the HTTP proxy server for the i-drive Filo software allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP GET request.
      The Remote Registry server in Windows NT 4.0 allows local authenticated users to cause a denial of service via a malformed request, which causes the winlogon process to fail, aka the "Remote Registry Access Authentication" vulnerability.
      The pam_console PAM module in Linux systems performs a chown on various devices upon a user login, but an open file descriptor for those devices can be maintained after the user logs out, which allows that user to sniff activity on these devices when subsequent users log in.
      The Netopia R9100 router does not prevent authenticated users from modifying SNMP tables, even if the administrator has configured it to do so.
      The IOS HTTP service in Cisco routers and switches running IOS 11.1 through 12.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by requesting a URL that contains a %% string.
      The Gossamer Threads DBMan db.cgi CGI script allows remote attackers to view environmental variables and setup information by referencing a non-existing database in the db parameter.
      ColdFusion ClusterCATS appends stale query string arguments to a URL during HTML redirection, which may provide sensitive information to the redirected site.
      The file transfer component of AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) reveals the physical path of the transferred file to the remote recipient.
      NetStructure 7110 and 7180 have undocumented accounts (servnow, root, and wizard) whose passwords are easily guessable from the NetStructure's MAC address, which could allow remote attackers to gain root access.
      FileMaker Pro 5 Web Companion allows remote attackers to bypass Field-Level database security restrictions via the XML publishing or email capabilities.
      FileMaker Pro 5 Web Companion allows remote attackers to send anonymous or forged email.
      The makelev program in the golddig game from the FreeBSD ports collection allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in FreeBSD libmytinfo library allows local users to execute commands via a long TERMCAP environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in krb_rd_req function in Kerberos 4 and 5 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in krb425_conv_principal function in Kerberos 5 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in krshd in Kerberos 5 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in ksu in Kerberos 5 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      The KDE kscd program does not drop privileges when executing a program specified in a user's SHELL environmental variable, which allows the user to gain privileges by specifying an alternate program to execute.
      NetProwler 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending malformed IP packets that trigger NetProwler's Man-in-the-Middle signature.
      Buffer overflow in CProxy 3.3 allows remote users to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP request.
      The add.exe program in the Carello shopping cart software allows remote attackers to duplicate files on the server, which could allow the attacker to read source code for web scripts such as .ASP files.
      The EMURL web-based email account software encodes predictable identifiers in user session URLs, which allows a remote attacker to access a user's email account.
      Buffer overflow in wconsole.dll in Rockliffe MailSite Management Agent allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long query_string parameter in the HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in MDaemon POP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long user name.
      The Microsoft Active Movie ActiveX Control in Internet Explorer 5 does not restrict which file types can be downloaded, which allows an attacker to download any type of file to a user's system by encoding it within an email message or news post.
      Buffer overflows in redirect.exe and changepw.exe in PDGSoft shopping cart allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long query string.
      The Mixed Mode authentication capability in Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 stores the System Administrator (sa) account in plaintext in a log file which is readable by any user, aka the "SQL Server 7.0 Service Pack Password" vulnerability.
      The CIFS Computer Browser service on Windows NT 4.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of host announcement requests to the master browse tables, aka the "HostAnnouncement Flooding" or "HostAnnouncement Frame" vulnerability.
      The CIFS Computer Browser service allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a ResetBrowser frame to the Master Browser, aka the "ResetBrowser Frame" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in L0pht AntiSniff allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed DNS response packet.
      Netscape Communicator before version 4.73 and Navigator 4.07 do not properly validate SSL certificates, which allows remote attackers to steal information by redirecting traffic from a legitimate web server to their own malicious server, aka the "Acros-Suencksen SSL" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris netpr program allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long -p option.
      IIS 4.05 and 5.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long, complex URL that appears to contain a large number of file extensions, aka the "Malformed Extension Data in URL" vulnerability.
      Netscape 4.73 and earlier follows symlinks when it imports a new certificate, which allows local users to overwrite files of the user importing the certificate.
      ColdFusion Server 4.5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by making repeated requests to a CFCACHE tagged cache file that is not stored in memory.
      Matt Wright's FormMail CGI script allows remote attackers to obtain environmental variables via the env_report parameter.
      The gnapster and knapster clients for Napster do not properly restrict access only to MP3 files, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files from the client by specifying the full pathname for the file.
      The shtml.exe program in the FrontPage extensions package of IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of HTML, HTM, ASP, and SHTML files by requesting a file that does not exist, which generates an error message that reveals the path.
      Vulnerability in shutdown command for HP-UX 11.X and 10.X allows allows local users to gain privileges via malformed input variables.
      Buffer overflow in Outlook Express 4.x allows attackers to cause a denial of service via a mail or news message that has a .jpg or .bmp attachment with a long file name.
      NTMail 5.x allows network users to bypass the NTMail proxy restrictions by redirecting their requests to NTMail's web configuration server.
      The HTTP administration interface to the Cayman 3220-H DSL router allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long username or password.
      The Cayman 3220-H DSL router allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via oversized ICMP echo (ping) requests.
      The Office 2000 UA ActiveX Control is marked as "safe for scripting," which allows remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities via the "Show Me" function in Office Help, aka the "Office 2000 UA Control" vulnerability.
      The default configuration of SYSKEY in Windows 2000 stores the startup key in the registry, which could allow an attacker tor ecover it and use it to decrypt Encrypted File System (EFS) data.
      The process_bug.cgi script in Bugzilla allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in Netwin DMailWeb CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long utoken parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Netwin DNEWSWEB CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via long parameters such as group, cmd, and utag.
      The CGI counter 4.0.7 by George Burgyan allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in the Web Archives component of L-Soft LISTSERV 1.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      UltraBoard 1.6 and other versions allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service by referencing UltraBoard in the Session parameter, which causes UltraBoard to fork copies of itself.
      The Aladdin Knowledge Systems eToken device allows attackers with physical access to the device to obtain sensitive information without knowing the PIN of the owner by resetting the PIN in the EEPROM.
      Buffer overflow in the SMTP gateway for InterScan Virus Wall 3.32 and earlier allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands via a long filename for a uuencoded attachment.
      A backdoor password in Cart32 3.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Cart32 allows remote attackers to access sensitive debugging information by appending /expdate to the URL request.
      Cobalt RaQ2 and RaQ3 does not properly set the access permissions and ownership for files that are uploaded via FrontPage, which allows attackers to bypass cgiwrap and modify files.
      The calender.pl and the calendar_admin.pl calendar scripts by Matt Kruse allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      The SuSE aaa_base package installs some system accounts with home directories set to /tmp, which allows local users to gain privileges to those accounts by creating standard user startup scripts such as profiles.
      The administrative password for the Allmanage web site administration software is stored in plaintext in a file which could be accessed by remote attackers.
      The allmanageup.pl file upload CGI script in the Allmanage Website administration software 2.6 can be called directly by remote attackers, which allows them to modify user accounts or web pages.
      MetaProducts Offline Explorer 1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to access arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in the CyberPatrol daemon "cyberdaemon" used in gauntlet and WebShield allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in fdmount on Linux systems allows local users in the "floppy" group to execute arbitrary commands via a long mountpoint parameter.
      Internet Explorer 4.0 and 5.0 allows a malicious web site to obtain client cookies from another domain by including that domain name and escaped characters in a URL, aka the "Unauthorized Cookie Access" vulnerability.
      NetBSD 1.4.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a packet with an unaligned IP timestamp option.
      Vulnerability in AIX 3.2.x and 4.x allows local users to gain write access to files on locally or remotely mounted AIX filesystems.
      Qpopper 2.53 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via a formatting string in the From: header, which is processed by the euidl command.
      The web interface server in HP Web JetAdmin 5.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      HP Web JetAdmin 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed URL to port 8000.
      The pgpk command in PGP 5.x on Unix systems uses an insufficiently random data source for non-interactive key pair generation, which may produce predictable keys.
      Buffer overflow in MDBMS database server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long string.
      Buffer overflow in WebShield SMTP 4.5.44 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long configuration parameter to the WebShield remote management service.
      The WebShield SMTP Management Tool version 4.5.44 does not properly restrict access to the management port when an IP address does not resolve to a hostname, which allows remote attackers to access the configuration via the GET_CONFIG command.
      Omnis Studio 2.4 uses weak encryption (trivial encoding) for encrypting database fields.
      Vulnerability in bbd server in Big Brother System and Network Monitor allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands.
      The Intel express 8100 ISDN router allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via oversized or fragmented ICMP packets.
      Buffer overflow in the ESMTP service of Lotus Domino Server 5.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long MAIL FROM command.
      XFree86 3.3.x and 4.0 allows a user to cause a denial of service via a negative counter value in a malformed TCP packet that is sent to port 6000.
      Buffer overflow in Linux cdrecord allows local users to gain privileges via the dev parameter.
      Buffer overflow in xlockmore xlock program version 4.16 and earlier allows local users to read sensitive data from memory via a long -mode option.
      NetBSD 1.4.2 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service by repeatedly running certain system calls in the kernel which do not yield the CPU, aka "cpu-hog".
      ISM.DLL in IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to read file contents by requesting the file and appending a large number of encoded spaces (%20) and terminated with a .htr extension, aka the ".HTR File Fragment Reading" or "File Fragment Reading via .HTR" vulnerability.
      The MSWordView application in IMP creates world-readable files in the /tmp directory, which allows other local users to read potentially sensitive information.
      IMP does not remove files properly if the MSWordView application quits, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by filling up the disk space by requesting a large number of documents and prematurely stopping the request.
      Buffer overflow in KDE kdesud on Linux allows local uses to gain privileges via a long DISPLAY environmental variable.
      The undocumented semconfig system call in BSD freezes the state of semaphores, which allows local users to cause a denial of service of the semaphore system by using the semconfig call.
      ftpd in NetBSD 1.4.2 does not properly parse entries in /etc/ftpchroot and does not chroot the specified users, which allows those users to access other files outside of their home directory.
      BeOS 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via fragmented TCP packets.
      Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a buffer overflow in the ActiveX parameter parsing capability, aka the "Malformed Component Attribute" vulnerability.
      Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x does not properly verify the domain of a  frame within a browser window, which allows a remote attacker to read client files via the frame, aka the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability.
      AIX cdmount allows local users to gain root privileges via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in Linux splitvt 1.6.3 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via a long password in the screen locking function.
      man in HP-UX 10.20 and 11 allows local attackers to overwrite files via a symlink attack.
      Selena Sol WebBanner 4.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Allegro RomPager HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed authentication request.
      Buffer overflow in ufsrestore in Solaris 8 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via a long pathname.
      Buffer overflow in innd 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a cancel request containing a long message ID.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX SimpleServer 1.05 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a long GET request for a program in the cgi-bin directory.
      Real Networks RealServer 7.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed request for a page in the viewsource directory.
      Windows 2000 allows a local user process to access another user's desktop within the same windows station, aka the "Desktop Separation" vulnerability.
      xterm, Eterm, and rxvt allow an attacker to cause a denial of service by embedding certain escape characters which force the window to be resized.
      Buffer overflow in Norton Antivirus for Exchange (NavExchange) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a .zip file that contains long file names.
      In some cases, Norton Antivirus for Exchange (NavExchange) enters a "fail-open" state which allows viruses to pass through the server.
      Dragon FTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long USER command.
      Dragon telnet server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long username.
      Buffer overflow in KDE Kmail allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via an attachment with a long file name.
      Check Point Firewall-1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of malformed fragmented IP packets.
      The DocumentTemplate package in Zope 2.2 and earlier allows a remote attacker to modify DTMLDocuments or DTMLMethods without authorization.
      Buffer overflow in Small HTTP Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long GET request.
      Microsoft SQL Server allows local users to obtain database passwords via the Data Transformation Service (DTS) package Properties dialog, aka the "DTS Password" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in Cisco TACACS+ tac_plus server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed packet with a long length field.
      The Protected Store in Windows 2000 does not properly select the strongest encryption when available, which causes it to use a default of 40-bit encryption instead of 56-bit DES encryption, aka the "Protected Store Key Length" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in ITHouse mail server 1.04 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long RCPT TO mail command.
      FreeBSD, NetBSD, and OpenBSD allow an attacker to cause a denial of service by creating a large number of socket pairs using the socketpair function, setting a large buffer size via setsockopt, then writing large buffers.
      Buffer overflow in the NetWin DSMTP 2.7q in the NetWin dmail package allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long ETRN request.
      Buffer overflow in the XDMCP parsing code of GNOME gdm, KDE kdm, and wdm allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands or cause a denial of service via a long FORWARD_QUERY request.
      PassWD 1.2 uses weak encryption (trivial encoding) to store passwords, which allows an attacker who can read the password file to easliy decrypt the passwords.
      Buffer overflow in Simple Network Time Sync (SMTS) daemon allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long string.
      Veritas Volume Manager creates a world writable .server_pids file, which allows local users to add arbitrary commands into the file, which is then executed by the vmsa_server script.
      Microsoft Windows Media Encoder allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed request, aka the "Malformed Windows Media Encoder Request" vulnerability.
      IBM WebSphere server 3.0.2 allows a remote attacker to view source code of a JSP program by requesting a URL which provides the JSP extension in upper case.
      Unify eWave ServletExec allows a remote attacker to view source code of a JSP program by requesting a URL which provides the JSP extension in upper case.
      The default configuration of BEA WebLogic 3.1.8 through 4.5.1 allows a remote attacker to view source code of a JSP program by requesting a URL which provides the JSP extension in upper case.
      The default configuration of BEA WebLogic 5.1.0 allows a remote attacker to view source code of programs by requesting a URL beginning with /file/, which causes the default servlet to display the file without further processing.
      Race condition in MDaemon 2.8.5.0 POP server allows local users to cause a denial of service by entering a UIDL command and quickly exiting the server.
      Mcafee VirusScan 4.03 does not properly restrict access to the alert text file before it is sent to the Central Alert Server, which allows local users to modify alerts in an arbitrary fashion.
      The IFRAME of the WebBrowser control in Internet Explorer 5.01 allows a remote attacker to violate the cross frame security policy via the NavigateComplete2 event.
      libICE in XFree86 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by specifying a large value which is not properly checked by the SKIP_STRING macro.
      The Apache 1.3.x HTTP server for Windows platforms allows remote attackers to list directory contents by requesting a URL containing a large number of / characters.
      The "capabilities" feature in Linux before 2.2.16 allows local users to cause a denial of service or gain privileges by setting the capabilities to prevent a setuid program from dropping privileges, aka the "Linux kernel setuid/setcap vulnerability."
      Imate Webmail Server 2.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HELO command.
      rpc.lockd in Red Hat Linux 6.1 and 6.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed request.
      Buffer overflows in the finger and whois demonstration scripts in Sambar Server 4.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long hostname.
      CUPS (Common Unix Printing System) 1.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed IPP request.
      CUPS (Common Unix Printing System) 1.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a CGI POST request.
      CUPS (Common Unix Printing System) 1.04 and earlier does not properly delete request files, which allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service.
      CUPS (Common Unix Printing System) 1.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by authenticating with a user name that does not exist or does not have a shadow password.
      GSSFTP FTP daemon in Kerberos 5 1.1.x does not properly restrict access to some FTP commands, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and local users to gain root privileges.
      The snmpd.conf configuration file for the SNMP daemon (snmpd) in HP-UX 11.0 is world writable, which allows local users to modify SNMP configuration or gain privileges.
      When configured to store configuration information in an LDAP directory, Shiva Access Manager 5.0.0 stores the root DN (Distinguished Name) name and password in cleartext in a file that is world readable, which allows local users to compromise the LDAP server.
      Netscape 4.73 and earlier does not properly warn users about a potentially invalid certificate if the user has previously accepted the certificate for a different web site, which could allow remote attackers to spoof a legitimate web site by compromising that site's DNS information.
      Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x does not properly verify all contents of an SSL certificate if a connection is made to the server via an image or a frame, aka one of two different "SSL Certificate Validation" vulnerabilities.
      Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x does not properly re-validate an SSL certificate if the user establishes a new SSL session with the same server during the same Internet Explorer session, aka one of two different "SSL Certificate Validation" vulnerabilities.
      Buffer overflow in restore program 0.4b17 and earlier in dump package allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long tape name.
      Savant web server allows remote attackers to read source code of CGI scripts via a GET request that does not include the HTTP version number.
      RSA ACE/Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by flooding the server's authentication request port with UDP packets, which causes the server to crash.
      Buffer overflow in the logging feature of EServ 2.9.2 and earlier allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands via a long MKD command.
      Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending email messages with blank fields such as BCC, Reply-To, Return-Path, or From.
      OpenSSH does not properly drop privileges when the UseLogin option is enabled, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by providing the command to the ssh daemon.
      mailview.cgi CGI program in MailStudio 2000 2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      userreg.cgi CGI program in MailStudio 2000 2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Net Tools PKI Server does not properly restrict access to remote attackers when the XUDA template files do not contain absolute pathnames for other files.
      Net Tools PKI Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP request.
      The KApplication class in the KDE 1.1.2 configuration file management capability allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files.
      Linux gpm program allows local users to cause a denial of service by flooding the /dev/gpmctl device with STREAM sockets.
      A FreeBSD patch for SSH on 2000-01-14 configures ssh to listen on port 722 as well as port 22, which might allow remote attackers to access SSH through port 722 even if port 22 is otherwise filtered.
      Vulnerability in cvconnect in SGI IRIX WorkShop allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files.
      The apsfilter software in the FreeBSD ports package does not properly read user filter configurations, which allows local users to execute commands as the lpd user.
      OpenSSL 0.9.4 and OpenSSH for FreeBSD do not properly check for the existence of the /dev/random or /dev/urandom devices, which are absent on FreeBSD Alpha systems, which causes them to produce weak keys which may be more easily broken.
      xinetd 2.1.8.x does not properly restrict connections if hostnames are used for access control and the connecting host does not have a reverse DNS entry.
      BRU backup software allows local users to append data to arbitrary files by specifying an alternate configuration file with the BRUEXECLOG environmental variable.
      ColdFusion Administrator for ColdFusion 4.5.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long login password.
      Servlet examples in Allaire JRun 2.3.x allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, e.g. listing HttpSession ID's via the SessionServlet servlet.
      JSP sample files in Allaire JRun 2.3.x allow remote attackers to access arbitrary files (e.g. via viewsource.jsp) or obtain configuration information.
      The Panda Antivirus console on port 2001 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands without authentication via the CMD command.
      Tigris remote access server before 11.5.4.22 does not properly record Radius accounting information when a user fails the initial login authentication but subsequently succeeds.
      The command port for PGP Certificate Server 2.5.0 and 2.5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service if their hostname does not have a reverse DNS entry and they connect to port 4000.
      Windows NT and Windows 2000 hosts allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via malformed DCE/RPC SMBwriteX requests that contain an invalid data length.
      Buffer overflow in mailx mail command (aka Mail) on Linux systems allows local users to gain privileges via a long -c (carbon copy) parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Kerberos 4 KDC program allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via the lastrealm variable in the set_tgtkey function.
      Buffer overflow in Kerberos 4 KDC program allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via the localrealm variable in the process_v4 function.
      Buffer overflow in Kerberos 4 KDC program allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via the e_msg variable in the kerb_err_reply function.
      Kerberos 4 KDC program does not properly check for null termination of AUTH_MSG_KDC_REQUEST requests, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed request.
      Kerberos 4 KDC program improperly frees memory twice (aka "double-free"), which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      The file transfer mechanism in Danware NetOp 6.0 does not provide authentication, which allows remote attackers to access and modify arbitrary files.
      ICQwebmail client for ICQ 2000A creates a world readable temporary file during login and does not delete it, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information.
      Race condition in IPFilter firewall 3.4.3 and earlier, when configured with overlapping "return-rst" and "keep state" rules, allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions.
      Ceilidh allows remote attackers to obtain the real path of the Ceilidh directory via the translated_path hidden form field.
      Ceilidh allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of POST requests.
      Buffer overflow in the web interface for Cmail 2.4.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a large user name to the user dialog running on port 8002.
      Buffer overflow in the web interface for Cmail 2.4.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      Buffer overflow in HP Openview Network Node Manager 6.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the Alarm service (OVALARMSRV) on port 2345.
      eTrust Intrusion Detection System (formerly SessionWall-3) uses weak encryption (XOR) to store administrative passwords in the registry, which allows local users to easily decrypt the passwords.
      Buffer overflow in WebBBS 1.15 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP GET request.
      BlackIce Defender 2.1 and earlier, and BlackIce Pro 2.0.23 and earlier, do not properly block Back Orifice traffic when the security setting is Nervous or lower.
      The URLConnection function in MacOS Runtime Java (MRJ) 2.1 and earlier and the Microsoft virtual machine (VM) for MacOS allows a malicious web site operator to connect to arbitrary hosts using a HTTP redirection, in violation of the Java security model.
      The guestbook CGI program in ICQ Web Front service for ICQ 2000a, 99b, and others allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a URL with a long name parameter.
      SmartFTP Daemon 0.2 allows a local user to access arbitrary files by uploading and specifying an alternate user configuration file via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      makewhatis in Linux man package allows local users to overwrite files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long Date field in an email header, aka the "Malformed E-mail Header" vulnerability.
      Sybergen Secure Desktop 2.1 does not properly protect against false router advertisements (ICMP type 9), which allows remote attackers to modify default routes.
      Sybergen Sygate allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a malformed DNS UDP packet to its internal interface.
      FirstClass Internet Services server 5.770, and other versions before 6.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending an email with a long To: mail header.
      LocalWEB HTTP server 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long GET request.
      The Razor configuration management tool uses weak encryption for its password file, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      The lreply function in wu-ftpd 2.6.0 and earlier does not properly cleanse an untrusted format string, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the SITE EXEC command.
      FTP servers such as OpenBSD ftpd, NetBSD ftpd, ProFTPd and Opieftpd do not properly cleanse untrusted format strings that are used in the setproctitle function (sometimes called by set_proc_title), which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands.
      SSH 1.2.27 with Kerberos authentication support stores Kerberos tickets in a file which is created in the current directory of the user who is logging in, which could allow remote attackers to sniff the ticket cache if the home directory is installed on NFS.
      Oracle Web Listener for AIX versions 4.0.7.0.0 and 4.0.8.1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed URL.
      Netscape Professional Services FTP Server 1.3.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      SGI MIPSPro compilers C, C++, F77 and F90 generate temporary files in /tmp with predictable file names, which could allow local users to insert malicious contents into these files as they are being compiled by another user.
      IRIX crontab creates temporary files with predictable file names and with the umask of the user, which could allow local users to modify another user's crontab file as it is being edited.
      Windows 2000 Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a continuous stream of binary zeros to various TCP and UDP ports, which significantly increases the CPU utilization.
      Windows 2000 Telnet Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a continuous stream of binary zeros, which causes the server to crash.
      Check Point FireWall-1 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a stream of invalid commands (such as binary zeros) to the SMTP Security Server proxy.
      vchkpw program in vpopmail before version 4.8 does not properly cleanse an untrusted format string used in a call to syslog, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a USER or PASS command that contains arbitrary formatting directives.
      Buffer overflow in Canna input system allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an SR_INIT command with a long user name or group name.
      ISC DHCP client program dhclient allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in Dalnet IRC server 4.6.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via the SUMMON command.
      The privpath directive in glftpd 1.18 allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for directories by using the file name completion capability.
      SawMill 5.0.21 CGI program allows remote attackers to read the first line of arbitrary files by listing the file in the rfcf parameter, whose contents SawMill attempts to parse as configuration commands.
      SawMill 5.0.21 uses weak encryption to store passwords, which allows attackers to easily decrypt the password and modify the SawMill configuration.
      Poll It 2.0 CGI script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the file name in the data_dir parameter.
      Novell BorderManager 3.0 and 3.5 allows remote attackers to bypass URL filtering by encoding characters in the requested URL.
      Buffer overflows in POP3 service in WinProxy 2.0 and 2.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via long USER, PASS, LIST, RETR, or DELE commands.
      WinProxy 2.0 and 2.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending an HTTP GET request without listing an HTTP version number.
      BitchX IRC client does not properly cleanse an untrusted format string, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an invite to a channel whose name includes special formatting characters.
      libedit searches for the .editrc file in the current directory instead of the user's home directory, which may allow local users to execute arbitrary commands by installing a modified .editrc in another directory.
      Internet Explorer 5.x does not warn a user before opening a Microsoft Access database file that is referenced within ActiveX OBJECT tags in an HTML document, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands, aka the "IE Script" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Office 2000 (Excel and PowerPoint) and PowerPoint 97 are marked as safe for scripting, which allows remote attackers to force Internet Explorer or some email clients to save files to arbitrary locations via the Visual Basic for Applications (VBA) SaveAs function, aka the "Office HTML Script" vulnerability.
      Fortech Proxy+ allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for to the administration service by redirecting their connections through the telnet proxy.
      Buffer overflow in iMesh 1.02 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long string to the iMesh port.
      Netscape Enterprise Server in NetWare 5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a malformed URL.
      LeafChat 1.7 IRC client allows a remote IRC server to cause a denial of service by rapidly sending a large amount of error messages.
      Secure Locate (slocate) in Red Hat Linux allows local users to gain privileges via a malformed configuration file that is specified in the LOCATE_PATH environmental variable.
      Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 allows a local user to bypass permissions for stored procedures by referencing them via a temporary stored procedure, aka the "Stored Procedure Permissions" vulnerability.
      gkermit in Red Hat Linux is improperly installed with setgid uucp, which allows local users to modify files owned by uucp.
      Blackboard CourseInfo 4.0 stores the local and SQL administrator user names and passwords in cleartext in a registry key whose access control allows users to access the passwords.
      Buffer overflow in kon program in Kanji on Console (KON) package on Linux may allow local users to gain root privileges via a long -StartupMessage parameter.
      Buffer overflow in fld program in Kanji on Console (KON) package on Linux may allow local users to gain root privileges via an input file containing long CHARSET_REGISTRY or CHARSET_ENCODING settings.
      NetWin dMailWeb and cwMail 2.6i and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long POP parameter (pophost).
      NetWin dMailWeb and cwMail 2.6g and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long username parameter.
      NetWin dMailWeb and cwMail 2.6g and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and use the server for mail relay via a username that contains a carriage return.
      The default configuration of NetWin dMailWeb and cwMail trusts all POP servers, which allows attackers to bypass normal authentication and cause a denial of service.
      Windows 95 and Windows 98 do not properly process spoofed ARP packets, which allows remote attackers to overwrite static entries in the cache table.
      Cisco Secure PIX Firewall does not properly identify forged TCP Reset (RST) packets, which allows remote attackers to force the firewall to close legitimate connections.
      Tnef program in Linux systems allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via TNEF encoded compressed attachments which specify absolute path names for the decompressed output.
      LPRng 3.6.x improperly installs lpd as setuid root, which can allow local users to append lpd trace and logging messages to files.
      Vulnerability in HP TurboIMAGE DBUTIL allows local users to gain additional privileges via DBUTIL.PUB.SYS.
      Buffer overflow in xconq and cconq game programs on Red Hat Linux allows local users to gain additional privileges via long USER environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in xconq and cconq game programs on Red Hat Linux allows local users to gain additional privileges via long DISPLAY environmental variable.
      Top Layer AppSwitch 2500 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed ICMP packets.
      libX11 X library allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a resource mask of 0, which causes libX11 to go into an infinite loop.
      Microsoft Outlook 98 and 2000, and Outlook Express 4.0x and 5.0x, allow remote attackers to read files on the client's system via a malformed HTML message that stores files outside of the cache, aka the "Cache Bypass" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in Webfind CGI program in O'Reilly WebSite Professional web server 2.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a URL containing a long "keywords" parameter.
      Buffer overflow in O'Reilly WebSite Professional web server 2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request or Referrer header.
      Buffer overflow in Winamp 2.64 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long #EXTINF: extension in the M3U playlist.
      NetZero 3.0 and earlier uses weak encryption for storing a user's login information, which allows a local user to decrypt the password.
      Buffer overflow in Alibaba web server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long GET request.
      BlackBoard CourseInfo 4.0 does not properly authenticate users, which allows local users to modify CourseInfo database information and gain privileges by directly calling the supporting CGI programs such as user_update_passwd.pl and user_update_admin.pl.
      The source.asp example script in the Apache ASP module Apache::ASP 1.93 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify files.
      The default configuration of the Sun Java web server 2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by uploading Java code to the server via board.html, then directly calling the JSP compiler servlet.
      IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to obtain fragments of source code by appending a +.htr to the URL, a variant of the "File Fragment Reading via .HTR" vulnerability.
      An administrative script from IIS 3.0, later included in IIS 4.0 and 5.0, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by accessing the script without a particular argument, aka the "Absent Directory Browser Argument" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in the web archive component of L-Soft Listserv 1.8d and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long query string.
      Vulnerability in Mandrake Linux usermode package allows local users to to reboot or halt the system.
      The web administration interface for CommuniGate Pro 3.2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      The view_page.html sample page in the MiniVend shopping cart program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      HP JetDirect printers versions G.08.20 and H.08.20 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed FTP quote command.
      Microsoft Excel 97 and 2000 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands by specifying a malicious .dll using the Register.ID function, aka the "Excel REGISTER.ID Function" vulnerability.
      bb-hostsvc.sh in Big Brother 1.4h1 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the HOSTSVC parameter.
      The default configuration of Big Brother 1.4h2 and earlier does not include proper access restrictions, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by using bbd to upload a file whose extension will cause it to be executed as a CGI script by the web server.
      Guild FTPd allows remote attackers to determine the existence of files outside the FTP root via a .. (dot dot) attack, which provides different error messages depending on whether the file exists or not.
      Savant web server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      The default configuration of WebActive HTTP Server 1.00 stores the web access log active.log in the document root, which allows remote attackers to view the logs by directly requesting the page.
      Buffer overflow in WebActive HTTP Server 1.00 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL.
      WFTPD and WFTPD Pro 2.41 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by executing a STAT command while the LIST command is still executing.
      WFTPD and WFTPD Pro 2.41 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by using the RESTART (REST) command and writing beyond the end of a file, or writing to a file that does not exist, via commands such as STORE UNIQUE (STOU), STORE (STOR), or APPEND (APPE).
      WFTPD and WFTPD Pro 2.41 allows remote attackers to obtain the real pathname for a file by executing a STATUS (STAT) command while the file is being transferred.
      WFTPD and WFTPD Pro 2.41 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by executing an MLST command before logging into the server.
      WFTPD and WFTPD Pro 2.41 allows local users to cause a denial of service by executing the RENAME TO (RNTO) command before a RENAME FROM (RNFR) command.
      IIS 4.0 allows remote attackers to obtain the internal IP address of the server via an HTTP 1.0 request for a web page which is protected by basic authentication and has no realm defined.
      The default installation of VirusScan 4.5 and NetShield 4.5 has insecure permissions for the registry key that identifies the AutoUpgrade directory, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by replacing SETUP.EXE in that directory with a Trojan Horse.
      The ClientTrust program in Novell BorderManager does not properly verify the origin of authentication requests, which could allow remote attackers to impersonate another user by replaying the authentication requests and responses from port 3024 of the victim's machine.
      IBM WebSphere allows remote attackers to read source code for executable web files by directly calling the default InvokerServlet using a URL which contains the "/servlet/file" string.
      Microsoft Outlook Express allows remote attackers to monitor a user's email by creating a persistent browser link to the Outlook Express windows, aka the "Persistent Mail-Browser Link" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Enterprise Manager allows local users to obtain database passwords via the Data Transformation Service (DTS) package Registered Servers Dialog dialog, aka a variant of the "DTS Password" vulnerability.
      Netscape Communicator 4.73 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a JPEG image containing a comment with an illegal field length of 1.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX proxy server 4.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long USER command in the FTP protocol.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX proxy server 4.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HELO command in the SMTP protocol.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX proxy server 4.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long USER command in the POP3 protocol.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX proxy server 4.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long user ID in a SOCKS4 CONNECT request.
      The WDaemon web server for WorldClient 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      WircSrv IRC Server 5.07s allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long string to the server port.
      Internet Explorer 5.x and Microsoft Outlook allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by redirecting the contents of an IFRAME using the DHTML Edit Control (DHTMLED).
      The registry entry for the Windows Shell executable (Explorer.exe) in Windows NT and Windows 2000 uses a relative path name, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by inserting a Trojan Horse named Explorer.exe into the %Systemdrive% directory, aka the "Relative Shell Path" vulnerability.
      AnalogX SimpleServer:WWW 1.06 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a modified .. (dot dot) attack that uses the %2E URL encoding for the dots.
      GAMSoft TelSrv telnet server 1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long username.
      rpc.statd in the nfs-utils package in various Linux distributions does not properly cleanse untrusted format strings, which allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in gpm in Caldera Linux allows local users to delete arbitrary files or conduct a denial of service.
      pam_console PAM module in Linux systems allows a user to access the system console and reboot the system when a display manager such as gdm or kdm has XDMCP enabled.
      Novell NetWare 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by flooding port 40193 with random data.
      The cvsweb CGI script in CVSWeb 1.80 allows remote attackers with write access to a CVS repository to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Roxen web server earlier than 2.0.69 allows allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions, list directory contents, and read source code by inserting a null character (%00) to the URL.
      The default configuration of Jakarta Tomcat does not restrict access to the /admin context, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by directly calling the administrative servlets to add a context for the root directory.
      The NetBIOS Name Server (NBNS) protocol does not perform authentication, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a spoofed Name Conflict or Name Release datagram, aka the "NetBIOS Name Server Protocol Spoofing" vulnerability.
      ftp.pl CGI program for Virtual Visions FTP browser allows remote attackers to read directories outside of the document root via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in Infopulse Gatekeeper 3.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long string.
      Netscape Communicator and Navigator 4.04 through 4.74 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by using a Java applet to open a connection to a URL using the "file", "http", "https", and "ftp" protocols, as demonstrated by Brown Orifice.
      Buffer overflow in IBM Net.Data db2www CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long PATH_INFO environmental variable.
      PGP 5.5.x through 6.5.3 does not properly check if an Additional Decryption Key (ADK) is stored in the signed portion of a public certificate, which allows an attacker who can modify a victim's public certificate to decrypt any data that has been encrypted with the modified certificate.
      The CVS 1.10.8 client trusts pathnames that are provided by the CVS server, which allows the server to force the client to create arbitrary files.
      The CVS 1.10.8 server does not properly restrict users from creating arbitrary Checkin.prog or Update.prog programs, which allows remote CVS committers to modify or create Trojan horse programs with the Checkin.prog or Update.prog names, then performing a CVS commit action.
      Buffer overflow in BEA WebLogic server proxy plugin allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long URL with a .JSP extension.
      BEA WebLogic 5.1.x allows remote attackers to read source code for parsed pages by inserting /ConsoleHelp/ into the URL, which invokes the FileServlet.
      BEA WebLogic 5.1.x allows remote attackers to read source code for parsed pages by inserting /*.shtml/ into the URL, which invokes the SSIServlet.
      BEA WebLogic 5.1.x does not properly restrict access to the JSPServlet, which could allow remote attackers to compile and execute Java JSP code by directly invoking the servlet on any source file.
      BEA WebLogic 5.1.x does not properly restrict access to the PageCompileServlet, which could allow remote attackers to compile and execute Java JHTML code by directly invoking the servlet on any source file.
      Auction Weaver CGI script 1.03 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the fromfile parameter.
      Auction Weaver CGI script 1.03 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the catdir parameter.
      Subscribe Me LITE does not properly authenticate attempts to change the administrator password, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges for the Account Manager by directly calling the subscribe.pl script with the setpwd parameter.
      Account Manager LITE does not properly authenticate attempts to change the administrator password, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges for the Account Manager by directly calling the amadmin.pl script with the setpasswd parameter.
      Auction Weaver CGI script 1.02 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the fromfile parameter.
      The faxrunq and faxrunqd in the mgetty package allows local users to create or modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack which creates a symlink in from /var/spool/fax/outgoing/.last_run to the target file.
      ISS RealSecure 3.2.1 and 3.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of fragmented packets with the SYN flag set.
      pgxconfig in the Raptor GFX configuration tool uses a relative path name for a system call to the "cp" program, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by modifying their path to point to an alternate "cp" program.
      pgxconfig in the Raptor GFX configuration tool allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflows in pgxconfig in the Raptor GFX configuration tool allow local users to gain privileges via command line options.
      The administration interface for the dwhttpd web server in Solaris AnswerBook2 does not properly authenticate requests to its supporting CGI scripts, which allows remote attackers to add user accounts to the interface by directly calling the admin CGI script.
      The administration interface for the dwhttpd web server in Solaris AnswerBook2 allows interface users to remotely execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      Minicom 1.82.1 and earlier on some Linux systems allows local users to create arbitrary files owned by the uucp user via a symlink attack.
      Format string vulnerability in ftpd in HP-UX 10.20 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via format strings in the PASS command.
      Cisco Gigabit Switch Routers (GSR) with Fast Ethernet / Gigabit Ethernet cards, from IOS versions 11.2(15)GS1A up to 11.2(19)GS0.2 and some versions of 12.0, do not properly handle line card failures, which allows remote attackers to bypass ACLs or force the interface to stop forwarding packets.
      The wrapper program in mailman 2.0beta3 and 2.0beta4 does not properly cleanse untrusted format strings, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      The net.init rc script in HP-UX 11.00 (S008net.init) allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack that points from /tmp/stcp.conf to the targeted file.
      suidperl (aka sperl) does not properly cleanse the escape sequence "~!" before calling /bin/mail to send an error report, which allows local users to gain privileges by setting the "interactive" environmental variable and calling suidperl with a filename that contains the escape sequence.
      Buffer overflow in SGI Omron WorldView Wnn allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via long JS_OPEN, JS_MKDIR, or JS_FILE_INFO commands.
      ntop running in web mode allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflows in ntop running in web mode allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      PCCS MySQLDatabase Admin Tool Manager 1.2.4 and earlier installs the file dbconnect.inc within the web root, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as the administrative password.
      Buffer overflow in Pragma Systems TelnetServer 2000 version 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long series of null characters to the rexec port.
      The shtml.exe component of Microsoft FrontPage 2000 Server Extensions 1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in some components by requesting a URL whose name includes a standard DOS device name.
      The shtml.exe component of Microsoft FrontPage 2000 Server Extensions 1.1 allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of the server components by requesting an invalid URL whose name includes a standard DOS device name.
      Netscape Communicator does not properly prevent a ServerSocket object from being created by untrusted entities, which allows remote attackers to create a server on the victim's system via a malicious applet, as demonstrated by Brown Orifice.
      Linux Intrusion Detection System (LIDS) 0.9.7 allows local users to gain root privileges when LIDS is disabled via the security=0 boot option.
      Buffer overflow in Adobe Acrobat 4.05, Reader, Business Tools, and Fill In products that handle PDF files allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long /Registry or /Ordering specifier.
      umb-scheme 3.2-11 for Red Hat Linux is installed with world-writeable files.
      DiskCheck script diskcheck.pl in Red Hat Linux 6.2 allows local users to create or overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      WorldClient email client in MDaemon 2.8 includes the session ID in the referer field of an HTTP request when the user clicks on a URL, which allows the visited web site to hijack the session ID and read the user's email.
      GoodTech FTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of RNTO commands.
      A race condition in MandrakeUpdate allows local users to modify RPM files while they are in the /tmp directory before they are installed.
      VariCAD 7.0 is installed with world-writeable files, which allows local users to replace the VariCAD programs with a Trojan horse program.
      news.cgi in GWScripts News Publisher does not properly authenticate requests to add an author to the author index, which allows remote attackers to add new authors by directly posting an HTTP request to the new.cgi program with an addAuthor parameter, and setting the Referer to the news.cgi program.
      The FSserial, FlagShip_c, and FlagShip_p programs in the FlagShip package are installed world-writeable, which allows local users to replace them with Trojan horses.
      Helix GNOME Updater helix-update 0.5 and earlier allows local users to install arbitrary RPM packages by creating the /tmp/helix-install installation directory before root has begun installing packages.
      Helix GNOME Updater helix-update 0.5 and earlier does not properly create /tmp directories, which allows local users to create empty system configuration files such as /etc/config.d/bashrc, /etc/config.d/csh.cshrc, and /etc/rc.config.
      The go-gnome Helix GNOME pre-installer allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on various files in /tmp, including uudecode, snarf, and some installer files.
      Zope before 2.2.1 does not properly restrict access to the getRoles method, which allows users who can edit DTML to add or modify roles by modifying the roles list that is included in a request.
      CGIMail.exe CGI program in Stalkerlab Mailers 1.1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the file in the $Attach$ hidden form variable.
      xpdf PDF viewer client earlier than 0.91 does not properly launch a web browser for embedded URL's, which allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands via a URL that contains shell metacharacters.
      xpdf PDF viewer client earlier than 0.91 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      FreeBSD 5.x, 4.x, and 3.x allows local users to cause a denial of service by executing a program with a malformed ELF image header.
      Vulnerability in newgrp command in HP-UX 11.0 allows local users to gain privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Worm HTTP server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Worm HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL.
      Telnetd telnet server in IRIX 5.2 through 6.1 does not properly cleans user-injected format strings, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long RLD variable in the IAC-SB-TELOPT_ENVIRON request.
      eEye IRIS 1.01 beta allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of UDP connections.
      Buffer overflow in Becky! Internet Mail client 1.26.03 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long Content-type: MIME header when the user replies to a message.
      Buffer overflow in Becky! Internet Mail client 1.26.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long Content-type: MIME header when the user forwards a message.
      The Service Control Manager (SCM) in Windows 2000 creates predictable named pipes, which allows a local user with console access to gain administrator privileges, aka the "Service Control Manager Named Pipe Impersonation" vulnerability.
      WebShield SMTP 4.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending e-mail with a From: address that has a . (period) at the end, which causes WebShield to continuously send itself copies of the e-mail.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in strong.exe program in NAI Net Tools PKI server 1.0 before HotFix 3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in an HTTPS request to the enrollment server.
      Buffer overflow in strong.exe program in NAI Net Tools PKI server 1.0 before HotFix 3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long URL in the HTTPS port.
      Format string vulnerability in strong.exe program in NAI Net Tools PKI server 1.0 before HotFix 3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format strings in a URL with a .XUDA extension.
      The IPX protocol implementation in Microsoft Windows 95 and 98 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a ping packet with a source IP address that is a broadcast address, aka the "Malformed IPX Ping Packet" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in University of Minnesota (UMN) gopherd 2.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a DES key generation request (GDESkey) that contains a long ticket value.
      DEPRECATED.  This entry has been deprecated.  It is a duplicate of CVE-2000-0743.
      admin.php3 in PHP-Nuke does not properly verify the PHP-Nuke administrator password, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges by requesting a URL that does not specify the aid or pwd parameter.
      Vulnerabilities in IIS 4.0 and 5.0 do not properly protect against cross-site scripting (CSS) attacks.  They allow a malicious web site operator to embed scripts in a link to a trusted site, which are returned without quoting in an error message back to the client.  The client then executes those scripts in the same context as the trusted site, aka the "IIS Cross-Site Scripting" vulnerabilities.
      The logrotate script for OpenLDAP before 1.2.11 in Conectiva Linux sends an improper signal to the kernel log daemon (klogd) and kills it.
      OpenLDAP 1.2.11 and earlier improperly installs the ud binary with group write permissions, which could allow any user in that group to replace the binary with a Trojan horse.
      Buffer overflow in the Linux binary compatibility module in FreeBSD 3.x through 5.x allows local users to gain root privileges via long filenames in the linux shadow file system.
      Buffer overflow in mopd (Maintenance Operations Protocol loader daemon) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long file name.
      mopd (Maintenance Operations Protocol loader daemon) does not properly cleanse user-injected format strings, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflows in brouted in FreeBSD and possibly other OSes allows local users to gain root privileges via long command line arguments.
      The Microsoft Outlook mail client identifies the physical path of the sender's machine within a winmail.dat attachment to Rich Text Format (RTF) files.
      Vulnerability in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (NMM) version 6.1 related to passwords.
      Vulnerability in the newgrp command in HP-UX 11.00 allows local users to gain privileges.
      Microsoft Outlook 2000 does not properly process long or malformed fields in vCard (.vcf) files, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service.
      The sysgen service in Aptis Totalbill does not perform authentication, which allows remote attackers to gain root privileges by connecting to the service and specifying the commands to be executed.
      The web interface for Lyris List Manager 3 and 4 allows list subscribers to obtain administrative access by modifying the value of the list_admin hidden form field.
      Jakarta Tomcat 3.1 under Apache reveals physical path information when a remote attacker requests a URL that does not exist, which generates an error message that includes the physical path.
      The Snoop servlet in Jakarta Tomcat 3.1 and 3.0 under Apache reveals sensitive system information when a remote attacker requests a nonexistent URL with a .snp extension.
      OS2/Warp 4.5 FTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long username.
      The default installation of eTrust Access Control (formerly SeOS) uses a default encryption key, which allows remote attackers to spoof the eTrust administrator and gain privileges.
      xlockmore and xlockf do not properly cleanse user-injected format strings, which allows local users to gain root privileges via the -d option.
      Intel Express 500 series switches allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a malformed IP packet.
      Buffer overflow in the HTML interpreter in Microsoft Office 2000 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands via a long embedded object tag, aka the "Microsoft Office HTML Object Tag" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in vqSoft vqServer 1.4.49 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly gain privileges via a long HTTP GET request.
      The ActiveX control for invoking a scriptlet in Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x renders arbitrary file types instead of HTML, which allows an attacker to read arbitrary files, aka the "Scriptlet Rendering" vulnerability.
      A function in Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x does not properly verify the domain of a frame within a browser window, which allows a remote attacker to read client files, aka a variant of the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability.
      O'Reilly WebSite Pro 2.3.7 installs the uploader.exe program with execute permissions for all users, which allows remote attackers to create and execute arbitrary files by directly calling uploader.exe.
      IIS 4.0 and 5.0 does not properly restrict access to certain types of files when their parent folders have less restrictive permissions, which could allow remote attackers to bypass access restrictions to some files, aka the "File Permission Canonicalization" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 allows local users to cause a denial of service by corrupting the local security policy via malformed RPC traffic, aka the "Local Security Policy Corruption" vulnerability.
      The installation of Tumbleweed Messaging Management System (MMS) 4.6 and earlier (formerly Worldtalk Worldsecure) creates a default account "sa" with no password.
      Bajie HTTP web server 0.30a allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL that contains a "....", a variant of the dot dot directory traversal attack.
      The sample Java servlet "test" in Bajie HTTP web server 0.30a reveals the real pathname of the web document root.
      Buffer overflow in RobTex Viking server earlier than 1.06-370 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP GET request, or long Unless-Modified-Since, If-Range, or If-Modified-Since headers.
      Mediahouse Statistics Server 5.02x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP GET request.
      The password protection feature of Microsoft Money can store the password in plaintext, which allows attackers with physical access to the system to obtain the password, aka the "Money Password" vulnerability.
      IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to obtain source code for .ASP files and other scripts via an HTTP GET request with a "Translate: f" header, aka the "Specialized Header" vulnerability.
      Checkpoint Firewall-1 with the RSH/REXEC setting enabled allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions and connect to a RSH/REXEC client via malformed connection requests.
      The web server in IPSWITCH IMail 6.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to read and delete arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      uagentsetup in ARCServeIT Client Agent 6.62 does not properly check for the existence or ownership of a temporary file which is moved to the agent.cfg configuration file, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by modifying the temporary file before it is moved.
      netauth.cgi program in Netwin Netauth 4.2e and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Watchguard Firebox II allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a malformed URL to the authentication service on port 4100.
      sshd program in the Rapidstream 2.1 Beta VPN appliance has a hard-coded "rsadmin" account with a null password, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via ssh.
      WircSrv IRC Server 5.07s allows IRC operators to read arbitrary files via the importmotd command, which sets the Message of the Day (MOTD) to the specified file.
      GNU userv 1.0.0 and earlier does not properly perform file descriptor swapping, which can corrupt the USERV_GROUPS and USERV_GIDS environmental variables and allow local users to bypass some access restrictions.
      IRC Xchat client versions 1.4.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by encoding shell metacharacters into a URL which XChat uses to launch a web browser.
      The Mail Merge tool in Microsoft Word does not prompt the user before executing Visual Basic (VBA) scripts in an Access database, which could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary commands.
      WinU 5.x and earlier uses weak encryption to store its configuration password, which allows local users to decrypt the password and gain privileges.
      The web-based folder display capability in Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 on Windows 98 allows local users to insert Trojan horse programs by modifying the Folder.htt file and using the InvokeVerb method in the ShellDefView ActiveX control to specify a default execute option for the first file that is listed in the folder.
      Trustix installs the httpsd program for Apache-SSL with world-writeable permissions, which allows local users to replace it with a Trojan horse.
      Gnome Lokkit firewall package before 0.41 does not properly restrict access to some ports, even if a user does not make any services available.
      Norton AntiVirus 5.00.01C with the Novell Netware client does not properly restart the auto-protection service after the first user has logged off of the system.
      Buffer overflow in IRIX libgl.so library allows local users to gain root privileges via a long HOME variable to programs such as (1) gmemusage and (2) gr_osview.
      Buffer overflow in lpstat in IRIX 6.2 and 6.3 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -n option.
      Buffer overflow in dmplay in IRIX 6.2 and 6.3 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long command line option.
      Buffer overflow in gr_osview in IRIX 6.2 and 6.3 allows local users to gain privileges via a long -D option.
      The truncate function in IRIX 6.x does not properly check for privileges when the file is in the xfs file system, which allows local users to delete the contents of arbitrary files.
      inpview in InPerson in SGI IRIX 5.3 through IRIX 6.5.10 allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack on the .ilmpAAA temporary file.
      String parsing error in rpc.kstatd in the linuxnfs or knfsd packages in SuSE and possibly other Linux systems allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in bdf program in HP-UX 11.00 may allow local users to gain root privileges via a long -t option.
      The BAIR program does not properly restrict access to the Internet Explorer Internet options menu, which allows local users to obtain access to the menu by modifying the registry key that starts BAIR.
      GNU Groff uses the current working directory to find a device description file, which allows a local user to gain additional privileges by including a malicious postpro directive in the description file, which is executed when another user runs groff.
      Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass the directionality check via fragmented TCP connection requests or reopening closed TCP connection requests, aka "One-way Connection Enforcement Bypass."
      Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 and earlier improperly retransmits encapsulated FWS packets, even if they do not come from a valid FWZ client, aka "Retransmission of Encapsulated Packets."
      The inter-module authentication mechanism (fwa1) in Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 and earlier may allow remote attackers to conduct a denial of service, aka "Inter-module Communications Bypass."
      The OPSEC communications authentication mechanism (fwn1) in Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to spoof connections, aka the "OPSEC Authentication Vulnerability."
      The seed generation mechanism in the inter-module S/Key authentication mechanism in Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a brute force attack, aka "One-time (s/key) Password Authentication."
      Buffer overflow in Getkey in the protocol checker in the inter-module communication mechanism in Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Auction Weaver 1.0 through 1.04 does not properly validate the names of form fields, which allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary files and directories via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Auction Weaver 1.0 through 1.04 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the username or bidfile form fields.
      The administration module in Sun Java web server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by uploading Java code to the module and invoke the com.sun.server.http.pagecompile.jsp92.JspServlet by requesting a URL that begins with a /servlet/ tag.
      Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to redirect FTP connections to other servers ("FTP Bounce") via invalid FTP commands that are processed improperly by FireWall-1, aka "FTP Connection Enforcement Bypass."
      Linux tmpwatch --fuser option allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by creating files whose names contain shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in the HTTP protocol parser for Microsoft Network Monitor (Netmon) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via malformed data, aka the "Netmon Protocol Parsing" vulnerability.
      The default installation for the Oracle listener program 7.3.4, 8.0.6, and 8.1.6 allows an attacker to cause logging information to be appended to arbitrary files and execute commands via the SET TRC_FILE or SET LOG_FILE commands.
      The unsetenv function in glibc 2.1.1 does not properly unset an environmental variable if the variable is provided twice to a program, which could allow local users to execute arbitrary commands in setuid programs by specifying their own duplicate environmental variables such as LD_PRELOAD or LD_LIBRARY_PATH.
      Ipswitch Imail 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of connections in which a long Host: header is sent, which causes a thread to crash.
      Buffer overflow in ddicgi.exe program in Mobius DocumentDirect for the Internet 1.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      Buffer overflow in the web authorization form of Mobius DocumentDirect for the Internet 1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a long username.
      Buffer overflow in ddicgi.exe in Mobius DocumentDirect for the Internet 1.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long User-Agent parameter.
      The tmpwatch utility in Red Hat Linux forks a new process for each directory level, which allows local users to cause a denial of service by creating deeply nested directories in /tmp or /var/tmp/.
      annclist.exe in webTV for Windows allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by via a large, malformed UDP packet to ports 22701 through 22705.
      Buffer overflow in Fastream FTP++ 2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long username.
      Htgrep CGI program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the full pathname in the hdr parameter.
      Buffer overflow in WinSMTP 1.06f and 2.X allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long (1) USER or (2) HELO command.
      The Windows 2000 telnet client attempts to perform NTLM authentication by default, which allows remote attackers to capture and replay the NTLM challenge/response via a telnet:// URL that points to the malicious server, aka the "Windows 2000 Telnet Client NTLM Authentication" vulnerability.
      search.dll Sambar ISAPI Search utility in Sambar Server 4.4 Beta 3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary directories by specifying the directory in the query parameter.
      Buffer overflow in CamShot WebCam Trial2.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long Authorization header.
      FTP Serv-U 2.5e allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of null bytes.
      Fastream FUR HTTP server 1.0b allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long GET request.
      WinCOM LPD 1.00.90 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of LPD options to the LPD port (515).
      Buffer overflow in XMail POP3 server before version 0.59 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long USER command.
      Buffer overflow in XMail POP3 server before version 0.59 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long APOP command.
      The search97cgi/vtopic" in the UnixWare 7 scohelphttp webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in pam_smb and pam_ntdom pluggable authentication modules (PAM) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a login with a long user name.
      Some functions that implement the locale subsystem on Unix do not  properly cleanse user-injected format strings, which allows local attackers to execute arbitrary commands via functions such as gettext and catopen.
      kdebug daemon (kdebugd) in Digital Unix 4.0F allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the full file name in the initialization packet.
      Buffer overflow in Darxite 0.4 and earlier allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands via a long username or password.
      Buffer overflow in University of Washington c-client library (used by pine and other programs) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long X-Keywords header.
      Buffer overflow in IBM WebSphere web application server (WAS) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long Host:  request header.
      Race condition in Microsoft Windows Media server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in the Windows Media Unicast Service via a malformed request, aka the "Unicast Service Race Condition" vulnerability.
      Netegrity SiteMinder before 4.11 allows remote attackers to bypass its authentication mechanism by appending "$/FILENAME.ext" (where ext is .ccc, .class, or .jpg) to the requested URL.
      Buffer overflow in the Still Image Service in Windows 2000 allows local users to gain additional privileges via a long WM_USER message, aka the "Still Image Service Privilege Escalation" vulnerability.
      Multiple buffer overflows in eject on FreeBSD and possibly other OSes allows local users to gain root privileges.
      YaBB Bulletin Board 9.1.2000 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      When a Microsoft Office 2000 document is launched, the directory of that document is first used to locate DLL's such as riched20.dll and msi.dll, which could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary commands by inserting a Trojan Horse DLL into the same directory as the document.
      SunFTP build 9(1) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by connecting to the server and disconnecting before sending a newline.
      Buffer overflow in SunFTP build 9(1) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      The logging capability in muh 2.05d IRC server does not properly cleanse user-injected format strings, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a malformed nickname.
      Vulnerability in Microsoft Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in IIS by sending it a series of malformed requests which cause INETINFO.EXE to fail, aka the "Invalid URL" vulnerability.
      The web configuration server for NTMail V5 and V6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of partial HTTP requests.
      The file upload capability in PHP versions 3 and 4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by setting hidden form fields whose names match the names of internal PHP script variables.
      Mailman 1.1 allows list administrators to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the %(listname) macro expansion.
      Vulnerability in an administrative interface utility for Allaire Spectra 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to read and modify sensitive configuration information.
      Buffer overflow in listmanager earlier than 2.105.1 allows local users to gain additional privileges.
      Race condition in the creation of a Unix domain socket in GNOME esound 0.2.19 and earlier allows a local user to change the permissions of arbitrary files and directories, and gain additional privileges, via a  symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in dvtermtype in Tridia Double Vision 3.07.00 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long terminal type argument.
      Interbase 6 SuperServer for Linux allows an attacker to cause a denial of service via a query containing 0 bytes.
      Kernel logging daemon (klogd) in Linux does not properly cleanse user-injected format strings, which allows local users to gain root privileges by triggering malformed kernel messages.
      The default configuration of Apache 1.3.12 in SuSE Linux 6.4 allows remote attackers to read source code for CGI scripts by replacing the /cgi-bin/ in the requested URL with /cgi-bin-sdb/.
      The default configuration of Apache 1.3.12 in SuSE Linux 6.4 enables WebDAV, which allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories via the PROPFIND HTTP request method.
      Buffer overflow in EFTP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long string.
      Buffer overflow in EFTP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a string that does not contain a newline, then disconnecting from the server.
      explorer.php in PhotoAlbum 0.9.9 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      netstat in AIX 4.x.x does not properly restrict access to the -Zi option, which allows local users to clear network interface statistics and possibly hide evidence of unusual network activities.
      Eudora mail client includes the absolute path of the sender's host within a virtual card (VCF).
      WFTPD and WFTPD Pro 2.41 RC12 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a long string of unprintable characters.
      WFTPD and WFTPD Pro 2.41 RC12 allows remote attackers to obtain the  full pathname of the server via a "%C" command, which generates an error message that includes the pathname.
      mailform.pl CGI script in MailForm 2.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the file name in the XX-attach_file parameter, which MailForm then sends to the attacker.
      The mailto CGI script allows remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the emailadd form field.
      LPPlus programs dccsched, dcclpdser, dccbkst, dccshut, dcclpdshut, and dccbkstshut are installed setuid root and world executable, which allows arbitrary local users to start and stop various LPD services.
      LPPlus creates the lpdprocess file with world-writeable permissions, which allows local users to kill arbitrary processes by specifying an alternate process ID and using the setuid dcclpdshut program to kill the process that was specified in the lpdprocess file.
      The dccscan setuid program in LPPlus does not properly check if the user has the permissions to print the file that is specified to dccscan, which allows local users to print arbitrary files.
      Intel Express 500 series switches allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a malformed ICMP packet, which causes the CPU to crash.
      The default configuration of mod_perl for Apache as installed on Mandrake Linux 6.1 through 7.1 sets the /perl/ directory to be browseable, which allows remote attackers to list the contents of that directory.
      IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to read documents outside of the web root, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via malformed URLs that contain UNICODE encoded characters, aka the "Web Server Folder Traversal" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflows in Microsoft Network Monitor (Netmon) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long Browser Name in a CIFS Browse Frame, a long SNMP community name, or a long username or filename in an SMB session, aka the "Netmon Protocol Parsing" vulnerability.  NOTE: It is highly likely that this candidate will be split into multiple candidates.
      IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed request for an executable file whose name is appended with operating system commands, aka the "Web Server File Request Parsing" vulnerability.
      named in BIND 8.2 through 8.2.2-P6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by making a compressed zone transfer (ZXFR) request and performing a name service query on an authoritative record that is not cached, aka the "zxfr bug."
      named in BIND 8.2 through 8.2.2-P6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending an SRV record to the server, aka the "srv bug."
      Two Sun security certificates have been compromised, which could allow attackers to insert malicious code such as applets and make it appear that it is signed by Sun.
      periodic in FreeBSD 4.1.1 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      A default ECL in Lotus Notes before 5.02 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by attaching a malicious program in an email message that is automatically executed when the user opens the email.
      Some telnet clients allow remote telnet servers to request environment variables from the client that may contain sensitive information, or remote web servers to obtain the information via a telnet: URL.
      The presence of the Distributed GL Daemon (dgld) service on port 5232 on SGI IRIX systems allows remote attackers to identify the target host as an SGI system.
      HTTP server on the WatchGuard SOHO firewall does not properly restrict access to administrative functions such as password resets or rebooting, which allows attackers to cause a denial of service or conduct unauthorized activities.
      Buffer overflow in HTTP server on the WatchGuard SOHO firewall allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long GET request.
      WatchGuard SOHO firewall allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of fragmented IP packets, which causes the firewall to drop connections and stop forwarding packets.
      Small HTTP Server 2.03 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly requesting a URL that references a directory that does not contain an index.html file, which consumes memory that is not released after the request is completed.
      Small HTTP Server 2.01 does not properly process Server Side Includes (SSI) tags that contain null values, which allows local users, and possibly remote attackers, to cause the server to crash by inserting the SSI into an HTML file.
      Small HTTP Server 2.01 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by connecting to the server and sending out multiple GET, HEAD, or POST requests and closing the connection before the server responds to the requests.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ssi CGI program in thttpd 2.19 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a "%2e%2e" string, a variation of the .. (dot dot) attack.
      Format string vulnerability in screen 3.9.5 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via format characters in the vbell_msg initialization variable.
      getalbum.php in PhotoAlbum before 0.9.9 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Voyager web server 2.01B in the demo disks for QNX 405 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Voyager web server 2.01B in the demo disks for QNX 405 stores sensitive web client information in the .photon directory in the web document root, which allows remote attackers to obtain that information.
      QNX Embedded Resource Manager in Voyager web server 2.01B in the demo disks for QNX 405 allows remote attackers to read sensitive system statistics information via the embedded.html web page.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Moreover.com cached_feed.cgi script version 4.July.00 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the category or format parameters.
      EServ 2.92 Build 2982 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via long HELO and MAIL FROM commands.
      BrowseGate 2.80 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via long Authorization or Referer MIME headers in the HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in the automatic mail checking component of Pine 4.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long From: header.
      Horde library 1.02 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the "from" address.
      IMP 2.2 and earlier allows attackers to read and delete arbitrary files by modifying the attachment_name hidden form variable, which causes IMP to send the file to the attacker as an attachment.
      MultiHTML CGI script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and possibly execute arbitrary commands by specifying the file name to the "multi" parameter.
      mod_rewrite in Apache 1.3.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files if a RewriteRule directive is expanded to include a filename whose name contains a regular expression.
      OpenBSD 2.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by flooding the server with ARP requests.
      fingerd in FreeBSD 4.1.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the target file name instead of a regular user name.
      FreeBSD 4.1.1 and earlier, and possibly other BSD-based OSes, uses an insufficient random number generator to generate initial TCP sequence numbers (ISN), which allows remote attackers to spoof TCP connections.
      Format string vulnerability in use_syslog() function in LPRng 3.6.24 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Format string vulnerability in kvt in KDE 1.1.2 may allow local users to execute arbitrary commands via a DISPLAY environmental variable that contains formatting characters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in PHPix Photo Album 1.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in BOA web server 0.94.8.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a modified .. (dot dot) attack in the GET HTTP request that uses a "%2E" instead of a "."
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Hassan Consulting shop.cgi shopping cart program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the page parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Bytes Interactive Web Shopper shopping cart program (shopper.cgi) 2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the newpage parameter.
      authenticate.cgi CGI program in Aplio PRO allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the password parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in search.cgi CGI script in Armada Master Index allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the "catigory" parameter.
      The default installation of SmartWin CyberOffice Shopping Cart 2 (aka CyberShop) installs the _private directory with world readable permissions, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      SmartWin CyberOffice Shopping Cart 2 (aka CyberShop) allows remote attackers to modify price information by changing the "Price" hidden form variable.
      WQuinn QuotaAdvisor 4.1 does not properly record file sizes if they are stored in alternative data streams, which allows users to bypass quota restrictions.
      WQuinn QuotaAdvisor 4.1 allows users to list directories and files by running a report on the targeted shares.
      Microsoft Windows Media Player 7 allows attackers to cause a denial of service in RTF-enabled email clients via an embedded OCX control that is not closed properly, aka the "OCX Attachment" vulnerability.
      Pegasus Mail 3.12 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an embedded URL that calls the mailto: protocol with a -F switch.
      Buffer overflow in Pegasus Mail 3.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long email message containing binary data.
      MAILsweeper for SMTP 3.x does not properly handle corrupt CDA documents in a ZIP file and hangs, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      The Input Method Editor (IME) in the Simplified Chinese version of Windows 2000 does not disable access to privileged functionality that should normally be restricted, which allows local users to gain privileges, aka the "Simplified Chinese IME State Recognition" vulnerability.
      Glint in Red Hat Linux 5.2 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and cause a denial of service via a symlink attack.
      Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the cgi.log file.
      Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 installs the cgi.log logging file with world readable permissions, which allows local users to read sensitive information such as user names and passwords.
      Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 does not log login attempts in which the username is correct but the password is wrong, which allows remote attackers to conduct brute force password guessing attacks.
      Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 supplies a different error message when a valid username is provided versus an invalid name, which allows remote attackers to identify valid users on the server.
      Samba Web Administration Tool (SWAT) in Samba 2.0.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly submitting a nonstandard URL in the GET HTTP request and forcing it to restart.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Metertek pagelog.cgi allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the "name" or "display" parameter.
      Kootenay Web KW Whois 1.0 CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the "whois" parameter.
      The CiWebHitsFile component in Microsoft Indexing Services for Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to conduct a cross site scripting (CSS) attack via a CiRestriction parameter in a .htw request, aka the "Indexing Services Cross Site Scripting" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in bftp daemon (bftpd) 1.0.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long USER command.
      CGI Script Center News Update 1.1 does not properly validate the original news administration password during a password change operation, which allows remote attackers to modify the password without knowing the original password.
      The web configuration interface for Catalyst 3500 XL switches allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands without authentication when the enable password is not set, via a URL containing the /exec/ directory.
      Compaq Easy Access Keyboard software 1.3 does not properly disable access to custom buttons when the screen is locked, which could allow an attacker to gain privileges or execute programs without authorization.
      Format string vulnerability in cfd daemon in GNU CFEngine before 1.6.0a11 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via format characters in the CAUTH command.
      GnoRPM before 0.95 allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Heap overflow in savestr function in LBNL traceroute 1.4a5 and earlier allows a local user to execute arbitrary commands via the -g option.
      Format string vulnerability in x-gw in TIS Firewall Toolkit (FWTK) allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed display name.
      A misconfiguration in IIS 5.0 with Index Server enabled and the Index property set allows remote attackers to list directories in the web root via a Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning (WebDAV) search.
      global.cgi CGI program in Global 3.55 and earlier on NetBSD allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Shambala Server 4.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by opening then closing a connection.
      Shambala Server 4.5 stores passwords in plaintext, which could allow local users to obtain the passwords and compromise the server.
      Cisco Virtual Central Office 4000 (VCO/4K) uses weak encryption to store usernames and passwords in the SNMP MIB, which allows an attacker who knows the community name to crack the password and gain privileges.
      cyrus-sasl before 1.5.24 in Red Hat Linux 7.0 does not properly verify the authorization for a local user, which could allow the users to bypass specified access restrictions.
      The pluggable authentication module for mysql (pam_mysql) before 0.4.7 does not properly cleanse user input when constructing SQL statements, which allows attackers to obtain plaintext passwords or hashes.
      HotJava Browser 3.0 allows remote attackers to access the DOM of a web page by opening a javascript: URL in a named window.
      glibc2 does not properly clear the LD_DEBUG_OUTPUT and LD_DEBUG environmental variables when a program is spawned from a setuid program, which could allow local users to overwrite files via a symlink attack.
      The POP3 server in Netscape Messaging Server 4.15p1 generates different error messages for incorrect user names versus incorrect passwords, which allows remote attackers to determine valid users on the system and harvest email addresses for spam abuse.
      Buffer overflow in IMAP server in Netscape Messaging Server 4.15 Patch 2 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long LIST command.
      The IPSEC implementation in OpenBSD 2.7 does not properly handle empty AH/ESP packets, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in ncurses library allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via long environmental information such as TERM or TERMINFO_DIRS.
      Buffer overflow in the web administration service for the HiNet LP5100 IP-phone allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      The NSAPI plugins for TGA and the Java Servlet proxy in HP-UX VVOS 10.24 and 11.04 allows an attacker to cause a denial of service (high CPU utilization).
      Buffer overflows in lpspooler in the fileset PrinterMgmt.LP-SPOOL of HP-UX 11.0 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
      PHP 3 and 4 do not properly cleanse user-injected format strings, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by triggering error messages that are improperly written to the error logs.
      Buffer overflow in Half Life dedicated server before build 3104 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long rcon command.
      Format string vulnerability in Half Life dedicated server build 3104 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by injecting format strings into the changelevel command, via the system console or rcon.
      IIS 4.0 and 5.0 .ASP pages send the same Session ID cookie for secure and insecure web sessions, which could allow remote attackers to hijack the secure web session of the user if that user moves to an insecure session, aka the "Session ID Cookie Marking" vulnerability.
      Avirt Mail 4.0 and 4.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long "RCPT TO" or "MAIL FROM" command.
      HP-UX 11.00 crontab allows local users to read arbitrary files via the -e option by creating a symlink to the target file during the crontab session, quitting the session, and reading the error messages that crontab generates.
      Buffer overflow in curl earlier than 6.0-1.1, and curl-ssl earlier than 6.0-1.2, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by forcing a long error message to be generated.
      GnuPG (gpg) 1.0.3 does not properly check all signatures of a file containing multiple documents, which allows an attacker to modify contents of all documents but the first without detection.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in apexec.pl in Anaconda Foundation Directory allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in xlib in XFree 3.3.x possibly allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long DISPLAY environment variable or a -display command line parameter.
      mailfile.cgi CGI program in MailFile 1.10 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the target file name in the "filename" parameter in a POST request, which is then sent by email to the address specified in the "email" parameter.
      bbd server in Big Brother System and Network Monitor before 1.5c2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the "&" shell metacharacter.
      File and Print Sharing service in Windows 95, Windows 98, and Windows Me does not properly check the password for a file share, which allows remote attackers to bypass share access controls by sending a 1-byte password that matches the first character of the real password, aka the "Share Level Password" vulnerability.
      NMPI (Name Management Protocol on IPX) listener in Microsoft NWLink does not properly filter packets from a broadcast address, which allows remote attackers to cause a broadcast storm and flood the network.
      MySQL Database Engine uses a weak authentication method which leaks information that could be used by a remote attacker to recover the password.
      Internet Explorer before 5.5 forwards cached user credentials for a secure web site to insecure pages on the same web site, which could allow remote attackers to obtain the credentials by monitoring connections to the web server, aka the "Cached Web Credentials" vulnerability.
      Microsoft NetMeeting with Remote Desktop Sharing enabled allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU utilization) via a sequence of null bytes to the NetMeeting port, aka the "NetMeeting Desktop Sharing" vulnerability.
      The HTTP server in Cisco IOS 12.0 through 12.1 allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash and reload) via a URL containing a "?/" string.
      Buffer overflow in All-Mail 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long "MAIL FROM" or "RCPT TO" command.
      Buffer overflow in Oracle 8.1.5 applications such as names, namesctl, onrsd, osslogin, tnslsnr, tnsping, trcasst, and trcroute possibly allow local users to gain privileges via a long ORACLE_HOME environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in oidldapd in Oracle 8.1.6 allow local users to gain privileges via a long "connect" command line parameter.
      WinU 1.0 through 5.1 has a backdoor password that allows remote attackers to gain access to its administrative interface and modify configuration.
      Buffer overflow in Intel InBusiness eMail Station 1.04.87 POP service allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute commands via a long username.
      cmd5checkpw 0.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an "SMTP AUTH" command with an unknown username.
      Buffer overflow in Hilgraeve, Inc. HyperTerminal client on Windows 98, ME, and 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long telnet URL, aka the "HyperTerminal Buffer Overflow" vulnerability.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in scp in sshd 1.2.xx allows a remote malicious scp server to overwrite arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Format string vulnerability in pw_error function in BSD libutil library allows local users to gain root privileges via a malformed password in commands such as chpass or passwd.
      Format string vulnerability in OpenBSD fstat program (and possibly other BSD-based operating systems) allows local users to gain root privileges via the PWD environmental variable.
      Format string vulnerability in OpenBSD yp_passwd program (and possibly other BSD-based operating systems) allows attackers to gain root privileges a malformed name.
      Format string vulnerability in OpenBSD su program (and possibly other BSD-based operating systems) allows local attackers to gain root privileges via a malformed shell.
      Format string vulnerabilities in eeprom program in OpenBSD, NetBSD, and possibly other operating systems allows local attackers to gain root privileges.
      Format string vulnerability in top program allows local attackers to gain root privileges via the "kill" or "renice" function.
      Format string vulnerabilities in OpenBSD ssh program (and possibly other BSD-based operating systems) allow attackers to gain root privileges.
      Format string vulnerability in AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.1.2010 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands by transferring a file whose name includes format characters.
      add_2_basket.asp in Element InstantShop allows remote attackers to modify price information via the "price" hidden form variable.
      POP3 daemon in Stalker CommuniGate Pro 3.3.2 generates different error messages for invalid usernames versus invalid passwords, which allows remote attackers to determine valid email addresses on the server for SPAM attacks.
      NETBIOS client in Windows 95 and Windows 98 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by changing a file sharing service to return an unknown driver type, which causes the client to crash.
      Format string vulnerability in OpenBSD photurisd allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a configuration file directory name that contains formatting characters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in html_web_store.cgi and web_store.cgi CGI programs in eXtropia WebStore allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the page parameter.
      Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 does not properly handle a MIME header with a blank charset specified, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a charset="" command, aka the "Malformed MIME Header" vulnerability.
      I-gear 3.5.7 and earlier does not properly process log entries in which a URL is longer than 255 characters, which allows an attacker to cause reporting errors.
      PalmOS 3.5.2 and earlier uses weak encryption to store the user password, which allows attackers with physical access to the Palm device to decrypt the password and gain access to the device.
      dump in Red Hat Linux 6.2 trusts the pathname specified by the RSH environmental variable, which allows local users to obtain root privileges by modifying the RSH variable to point to a Trojan horse program.
      Format string vulnerability in talkd in OpenBSD and possibly other BSD-based OSes allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a user name that contains format characters.
      Buffer overflow in catopen() function in FreeBSD 5.0 and earlier, and possibly other OSes, allows local users to gain root privileges via a long environmental variable.
      The catopen function in FreeBSD 5.0 and earlier, and possibly other OSes, allows local users to read arbitrary files via the LANG environmental variable.
      The setlocale function in FreeBSD 5.0 and earlier, and possibly other OSes, allows local users to read arbitrary files via the LANG environmental variable.
      Format string vulnerability in the search97.cgi CGI script in SCO help http server for Unixware 7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via format characters in the queryText parameter.
      The default configuration of Slashcode before version 2.0 Alpha has a default administrative password, which allows remote attackers to gain Slashcode privileges and possibly execute arbitrary commands.
      The default configuration of Apache (httpd.conf) on SuSE 6.4 includes an alias for the /usr/doc directory, which allows remote attackers to read package documentation and obtain system configuration information via an HTTP request for the /doc/packages URL.
      Webteachers Webdata allows remote attackers with valid Webdata accounts to read arbitrary files by posting a request to import the file into the WebData database.
      shred 1.0 file wiping utility does not properly open a file for overwriting or flush its buffers, which prevents shred from properly replacing the file's data and allows local users to recover the file.
      Search engine in Ultraseek 3.1 and 3.1.10 (aka Inktomi Search) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed URL.
      Heap overflow in Worldclient in Mdaemon 3.1.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long URL.
      Heap overflow in WebConfig in Mdaemon 3.1.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long URL.
      The mailguard feature in Cisco Secure PIX Firewall 5.2(2) and earlier does not properly restrict access to SMTP commands, which allows remote attackers to execute restricted commands by sending a DATA command before sending the restricted commands.
      The Alabanza Control Panel does not require passwords to access administrative commands, which allows remote attackers to modify domain name information via the nsManager.cgi CGI program.
      eWave ServletExec 3.0C and earlier does not restrict access to the UploadServlet Java/JSP servlet, which allows remote attackers to upload files and execute arbitrary commands.
      eWave ServletExec JSP/Java servlet engine, versions 3.0C and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a URL that contains the "/servlet/" string, which invokes the ServletExec servlet and causes an exception if the servlet is already running.
      Multiple buffer overflows in LBNL tcpdump allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Cisco Secure PIX Firewall 5.2(2) allows remote attackers to determine the real IP address of a target FTP server by flooding the server with PASV requests, which includes the real IP address in the response when passive mode is established.
      Buffer overflow in cu program in HP-UX 11.0 may allow local users to gain privileges via a long -l command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in host command allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands via a long response to an AXFR query.
      CS&T CorporateTime for the Web returns different error messages for invalid usernames and invalid passwords, which allows remote attackers to determine valid usernames on the server.
      Buffer overflow in dtterm in HP-UX 11.0 and HP Tru64 UNIX 4.0f through 5.1a allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long -tn option.
      The client authentication interface for Check Point Firewall-1 4.0 and earlier generates different error messages for invalid usernames versus invalid passwords, which allows remote attackers to identify valid usernames on the firewall.
      Serv-U FTP Server allows remote attackers to bypass its anti-hammering feature by first logging on as a valid user (possibly anonymous) and then attempting to guess the passwords of other users.
      Buffer overflow in the System Monitor ActiveX control in Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long LogFileName parameter in HTML source code, aka the "ActiveX Parameter Validation" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflows in TYPSoft FTP Server 0.78 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long USER, PASS, or CWD command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Extent RBS ISP web server allows remote attackers to read sensitive information via a .. (dot dot) attack on the Image parameter.
      Check Point Firewall-1 session agent 3.0 through 4.1 generates different error messages for invalid user names versus invalid passwords, which allows remote attackers to determine valid usernames and guess a password via a brute force attack.
      The web administration interface for IBM AS/400 Firewall allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an empty GET request.
      Various TCP/IP stacks and network applications allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service by flooding a target host with TCP connection attempts and completing the TCP/IP handshake without maintaining the connection state on the attacker host, aka the "NAPTHA" class of vulnerabilities.  NOTE: this candidate may change significantly as the security community discusses the technical nature of NAPTHA and learns more about the affected applications. This candidate is at a higher level of abstraction than is typical for CVE.
      Format string vulnerability in logging function of ypbind 3.3, while running in debug mode, leaks file descriptors and allows an attacker to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in ypbind 3.3 possibly allows an attacker to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in ypserv in Mandrake Linux 7.1 and earlier, and possibly other Linux operating systems, allows an attacker to gain root privileges when ypserv is built without a vsyslog() function.
      Format string vulnerability in ypserv in Mandrake Linux 7.1 and earlier, and possibly other Linux operating systems, allows an attacker to gain root privileges when ypserv is built without a vsyslog() function.
      Format string vulnerability in ypbind-mt in SuSE SuSE-6.2, and possibly other Linux operating systems, allows an attacker to gain root privileges.
      nss_ldap earlier than 121, when run with nscd (name service caching daemon), allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of LDAP requests.
      Multiple buffer overflows in the ESMTP service of Lotus Domino 5.0.2c and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via long (1) "RCPT TO," (2) "SAML FROM," or (3) "SOML FROM" commands.
      Buffer overflow in SMTP service of Lotus Domino 5.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long ENVID keyword in the "MAIL FROM" command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the logfile service of Wingate 4.1 Beta A and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack via an HTTP GET request that uses encoded characters in the URL.
      Allaire JRun 3.0 http servlet server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a URL that contains a long string of "." characters.
      Allaire JRun 3.0 http servlet server allows remote attackers to directly access the WEB-INF directory via a URL request that contains an extra "/" in the beginning of the request (aka the "extra leading slash").
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Allaire JRun 2.3 server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the SSIFilter servlet.
      Allaire JRun 2.3 server allows remote attackers to obtain source code for executable content by directly calling the SSIFilter servlet.
      Allaire JRun 2.3.3 server allows remote attackers to compile and execute JSP code by inserting it via a cross-site scripting (CSS) attack and directly calling the com.livesoftware.jrun.plugins.JSP JSP servlet.
      Buffer overflow in CSAdmin module in CiscoSecure ACS Server 2.4(2) and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a large packet.
      Buffer overflow in CiscoSecure ACS Server 2.4(2) and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a large TACACS+ packet.
      CiscoSecure ACS Server 2.4(2) and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass LDAP authentication on the server if the LDAP server allows null passwords.
      Vulnerabilities in database configuration scripts in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (NNM) 6.1 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges, possibly via insecure permissions.
      Buffer overflow in OverView5 CGI program in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (NNM) 6.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, in the SNMP service (snmp.exe), aka the "Java SNMP MIB Browser Object ID parsing problem."
      The default configuration of the Xsession file in Mandrake Linux 7.1 and 7.0 bypasses the Xauthority access control mechanism with an "xhost + localhost" command, which allows local users to sniff X Windows events and gain privileges.
      The default configuration of XFCE 3.5.1 bypasses the Xauthority access control mechanism with an "xhost + localhost" command in the xinitrc program, which allows local users to sniff X Windows traffic and gain privileges.
      Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) in Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x allows an unsigned applet to create and use ActiveX controls, which allows a remote attacker to bypass Internet Explorer's security settings and execute arbitrary commands via a malicious web page or email, aka the "Microsoft VM ActiveX Component" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in the FTP service in HP JetDirect printer card Firmware x.08.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in the Telnet service in HP JetDirect printer card Firmware x.08.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in the LPD service in HP JetDirect printer card Firmware x.08.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Vulnerability in IP implementation of HP JetDirect printer card Firmware x.08.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (printer crash) via a malformed packet.
      The getnameinfo function in FreeBSD 4.1.1 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a long DNS hostname.
      pollit.cgi in Poll It 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the poll_options parameter.
      pollit.cgi in Poll It 2.01 and earlier allows remote attackers to access administrative functions without knowing the real password by specifying the same value to the entered_password and admin_password parameters.
      pollit.cgi in Poll It 2.01 and earlier uses data files that are located under the web document root, which allows remote attackers to access sensitive or private information.
      The GUI installation for iCal 2.1 Patch 2 disables access control for the X server using an "xhost +" command, which allows remote attackers to monitor X Windows events and gain privileges.
      iCal 2.1 Patch 2 installs many files with world-writeable permissions, which allows local users to modify the iCal configuration and execute arbitrary commands by replacing the iplncal.sh program with a Trojan horse.
      csstart program in iCal 2.1 Patch 2 searches for the cshttpd program in the current working directory, which allows local users to gain root privileges by creating a Trojan Horse cshttpd program in a directory and calling csstart from that directory.
      csstart program in iCal 2.1 Patch 2 uses relative pathnames to install the libsocket and libnsl libraries, which could allow the icsuser account to gain root privileges by creating a Trojan Horse library in the current or parent directory.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in iPlanet Certificate Management System 4.2 and Directory Server 4.12 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the Agent, End Entity, or Administrator services.
      Netscape (iPlanet) Certificate Management System 4.2 and Directory Server 4.12 stores the administrative password in plaintext, which could allow local and possibly remote attackers to gain administrative privileges on the server.
      Buffer overflow in the SHTML logging functionality of iPlanet Web Server 4.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long filename with a .shtml extension.
      ICQ Web Front HTTPd allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by requesting a URL that contains a "?" character.
      Interactions between the CIFS Browser Protocol and NetBIOS as implemented in Microsoft Windows 95, 98, NT, and 2000 allow remote attackers to modify dynamic NetBIOS name cache entries via a spoofed Browse Frame Request in a unicast or UDP broadcast datagram.
      Quake 1 (quake1) and ProQuake 1.01 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed (empty) UDP packet.
      The xp_displayparamstmt function in SQL Server and Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      The xp_enumresultset function in SQL Server and Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      The xp_showcolv function in SQL Server and Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      The xp_updatecolvbm function in SQL Server and Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      The xp_peekqueue function in Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      The xp_printstatements function in Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      The xp_proxiedmetadata function in Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      The xp_SetSQLSecurity function in Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) does not properly restrict the length of a buffer before calling the srv_paraminfo function in the SQL Server API for Extended Stored Procedures (XP), which allows an attacker to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Extended Stored Procedure Parameter Parsing" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Phone Book Service allows local users to execute arbitrary commands, aka the "Phone Book Service Buffer Overflow" vulnerability.
      Microsoft IIS for Far East editions 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to read source code for parsed pages via a malformed URL that uses the lead-byte of a double-byte character.
      loadpage.cgi CGI program in EZshopper 3.0 and 2.0 allows remote attackers to list and read files in the EZshopper data directory by inserting a "/" in front of the target filename in the "file" parameter.
      Buffer overflow in AOL Instant Messenger before 4.3.2229 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long "goim" command.
      Buffer overflow in AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) before 4.3.2229 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a "buddyicon" command with a long "src" argument.
      modprobe in the modutils 2.3.x package on Linux systems allows a local user to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      crontab by Paul Vixie uses predictable file names for a temporary file and does not properly ensure that the file is owned by the user executing the crontab -e command, which allows local users with write access to the crontab spool directory to execute arbitrary commands by creating world-writeable temporary files and modifying them while the victim is editing the file.
      The web server for the SonicWALL SOHO firewall allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long username in the authentication page.
      The web server for the SonicWALL SOHO firewall allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an empty GET or POST request.
      Java Runtime Environment in Java Development Kit (JDK) 1.2.2_05 and earlier can allow an untrusted Java class to call into a disallowed class, which could allow an attacker to escape the Java sandbox and conduct unauthorized activities.
      The default configuration for PostACI webmail system installs the /includes/global.inc configuration file within the web root, which allows remote attackers to read sensitive information such as database usernames and passwords via a direct HTTP GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Winsock FTPd (WFTPD) 3.00 and 2.41 with the "Restrict to home directory" option enabled allows local users to escape the home directory via a "/../" string, a variation of the .. (dot dot) attack.
      PTlink IRCD 3.5.3 and PTlink Services 1.8.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server crash) via "mode +owgscfxeb" and "oper" commands.
      rcvtty in BSD 3.0 and 4.0 does not properly drop privileges before executing a script, which allows local attackers to gain privileges by specifying an alternate Trojan horse script on the command line.
      Variant of the "IIS Cross-Site Scripting" vulnerability as originally discussed in MS:MS00-060 (CVE-2000-0746) allows a malicious web site operator to embed scripts in a link to a trusted site, which are returned without quoting in an error message back to the client.  The client then executes those scripts in the same context as the trusted site.
      The ixsso.query ActiveX Object is marked as safe for scripting, which allows malicious web site operators to embed a script that remotely determines the existence of files on visiting Windows 2000 systems that have Indexing Services enabled.
      Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall creates an "Intscan" share to the "InterScan" directory with permissions that grant Full Control permissions to the Everyone group, which allows attackers to gain privileges by modifying the VirusWall programs.
      in.identd ident server in SuSE Linux 6.x and 7.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long request, which causes the server to access a NULL pointer and crash.
      cons.saver in Midnight Commander (mc) 4.5.42 and earlier does not properly verify if an output file descriptor is a TTY, which allows local users to corrupt files by creating a symbolic link to the target file, calling mc, and specifying that link as a TTY argument.
      Midnight Commander (mc) 4.5.51 and earlier does not properly process malformed directory names when a user opens a directory, which allows other local users to gain privileges by creating directories that contain special characters followed by the commands to be executed.
      document.d2w CGI program in the IBM Net.Data db2www package allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of the web server by sending a nonexistent command to the program.
      Telnet Service for Windows 2000 Professional does not properly terminate incomplete connection attempts, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by connecting to the server and not providing any input.
      Microsoft Windows Media Player 7 executes scripts in custom skin (.WMS) files, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges via a skin that contains a malicious script, aka the ".WMS Script Execution" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Windows Media Player allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed Active Stream Redirector (.ASX) file, aka the ".ASX Buffer Overrun" vulnerability.
      Unify ServletExec AS v3.0C allows remote attackers to read source code for JSP pages via an HTTP request that ends with characters such as ".", or "+", or "%20".
      Buffer overflow in remote web administration component (webprox.dll) of 602Pro LAN SUITE before 2000.0.1.33 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      Buffer overflow in TransSoft Broker FTP Server before 4.3.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long command.
      The Extended Control List (ECL) feature of the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) in Lotus Notes Client R5 allows malicious web site operators to determine the existence of files on the client by measuring delays in the execution of the getSystemResource method.
      24Link 1.06 web server allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions by prepending strings such as "/+/" or "/." to the HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in setsenv command in IBM AIX 4.3.x and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long "x=" argument.
      Buffer overflow in digest command in IBM AIX 4.3.x and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in enq command in IBM AIX 4.3.x and earlier may allow local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long -M argument.
      Buffer overflow in setclock command in IBM AIX 4.3.x and earlier may allow local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long argument.
      Buffer overflow in pioout command in IBM AIX 4.3.x and earlier may allow local users to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in piobe command in IBM AIX 4.3.x allows local users to gain privileges via long environmental variables.
      restore 0.4b15 and earlier in Red Hat Linux 6.2 trusts the pathname specified by the RSH environmental variable, which allows local users to obtain root privileges by modifying the RSH variable to point to a Trojan horse program.
      Vulnerability in auto_parms and set_parms in HP-UX 11.00 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands or cause a denial of service.
      registrar in the HP resource monitor service allows local users to read and modify arbitrary files by renaming the original registrar.log log file and creating a symbolic link to the target file, to which registrar appends log information and sets the permissions to be world readable.
      The default configuration of McAfee VirusScan 4.5 does not quote the ImagePath variable, which improperly sets the search path and allows local users to place a Trojan horse "common.exe" program in the C:\Program Files directory.
      McAfee WebShield SMTP 4.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed recipient field.
      McAfee WebShield SMTP 4.5 allows remote attackers to bypass email content filtering rules by including Extended ASCII characters in name of the attachment.
      Bill Kendrick web site guestbook (GBook) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the _MAILTO form variable.
      DCForum cgforum.cgi CGI script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files, and delete the program itself, via a malformed "forum" variable.
      Authentix Authentix100 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication by inserting a . (dot) into the URL for a protected directory.
      Multiple shell programs on various Unix systems, including (1) tcsh, (2) csh, (3) sh, and (4) bash, follow symlinks when processing << redirects (aka here-documents or in-here documents), which allows local users to overwrite files of other users via a symlink attack.
      fshd (fsh daemon) in Debian GNU/Linux allows local users to overwrite files of other users via a symlink attack.
      Note: fixed in potato version
      elvis-tiny before 1.4-10 in Debian GNU/Linux, and possibly other Linux operating systems, allows local users to overwrite files of other users via a symlink attack.
      GNU ed before 0.2-18.1 allows local users to overwrite the files of other users via a symlink attack.
      Lotus Notes R5 client R5.0.5 and earlier does not properly warn users when an S/MIME email message has been modified, which could allow an attacker to modify the email in transit without being detected.
      The installation of Microsoft Exchange 2000 before Rev. A creates a user account with a known password, which could allow attackers to gain privileges, aka the "Exchange User Account" vulnerability.
      Recourse ManTrap 1.6 does not properly hide processes from attackers, which could allow attackers to determine that they are in a honeypot system by comparing the results from kill commands with the process listing in the /proc filesystem.
      Recourse ManTrap 1.6 modifies the kernel so that ".." does not appear in the /proc listing, which allows attackers to determine that they are in a honeypot system.
      Recourse ManTrap 1.6 generates an error when an attacker cd's to /proc/self/cwd and executes the pwd command, which allows attackers to determine that they are in a honeypot system.
      Recourse ManTrap 1.6 hides the first 4 processes that run on a Solaris system, which allows attackers to determine that they are in a honeypot system.
      Recourse ManTrap 1.6 sets up a chroot environment to hide the fact that it is running, but the inode number for the resulting "/" file system is higher than normal, which allows attackers to determine that they are in a chroot environment.
      Recourse ManTrap 1.6 allows attackers who have gained root access to use utilities such as crash or fsdb to read /dev/mem and raw disk devices to identify ManTrap processes or modify arbitrary data files.
      Recourse ManTrap 1.6 allows attackers to cause a denial of service via a sequence of commands that navigate into and out of the /proc/self directory and executing various commands such as ls or pwd.
      Buffer overflow in IIS ISAPI .ASP parsing mechanism allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long string to the "LANGUAGE" argument in a script tag.
      The installation of VolanoChatPro chat server sets world-readable permissions for its configuration file and stores the server administrator passwords in plaintext, which allows local users to gain privileges on the server.
      Buffer overflow in RegAPI.DLL used by Windows NT 4.0 Terminal Server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long username, aka the "Terminal Server Login Buffer Overflow" vulnerability.
      Felix IRC client in BeOS r5 pro and earlier allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a message that contains a long URL.
      Baxter IRC client in BeOS r5 pro and earlier allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a message that contains a long URL.
      Browser IRC client in BeOS r5 pro and earlier allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a message that contains a long URL.
      PostMaster 1.0 in BeOS r5 pro and earlier allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a message that contains a long URL.
      RHConsole in RobinHood 1.1 web server in BeOS r5 pro and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via long HTTP request.
      RHDaemon in RobinHood 1.1 web server in BeOS r5 pro and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via long HTTP request.
      StarOffice 5.2 follows symlinks and sets world-readable permissions for the /tmp/soffice.tmp directory, which allows a local user to read files of the user who is using StarOffice.
      Buffer overflow in NAI Sniffer Agent allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long SNMP community name.
      NAI Sniffer Agent uses base64 encoding for authentication, which allows attackers to sniff the network and easily decrypt usernames and passwords.
      NAI Sniffer Agent allows remote attackers to gain privileges on the agent by sniffing the initial UDP authentication packets and spoofing commands.
      NAI Sniffer Agent allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending a large number of login requests.
      The installation of AdCycle banner management system leaves the build.cgi program in a web-accessible directory, which allows remote attackers to execute the program and view passwords or delete databases.
      ghostscript before 5.10-16 allows local users to overwrite files of other users via a symlink attack.
      ghostscript before 5.10-16 uses an empty LD_RUN_PATH environmental variable to find libraries in the current directory, which could allow local users to execute commands as other users by placing a Trojan horse library into a directory from which another user executes ghostscript.
      WinVNC installs the WinVNC3 registry key with permissions that give Special Access (read and modify) to the Everybody group, which allows users to read and modify sensitive information such as passwords and gain access to the system.
      Balabit syslog-ng allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a malformed log message that does not have a closing > in the priority specifier.
      Twig webmail system does not properly set the "vhosts" variable if it is not configured on the site, which allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary PHP (PHP3) code by specifying an alternate vhosts as an argument to the index.php3 program.
      ppp utility in FreeBSD 4.1.1 and earlier does not properly restrict access as specified by the "nat deny_incoming" command, which allows remote attackers to connect to the target system.
      IBM HTTP Server 1.3.6 (based on Apache) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      OpenSSH SSH client before 2.3.0 does not properly disable X11 or agent forwarding, which could allow a malicious SSH server to gain access to the X11 display and sniff X11 events, or gain access to the ssh-agent.
      Buffer overflow in Netsnap webcam HTTP server before 1.2.9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in cgiforum.pl script in CGIForum 1.0 allows remote attackers to ready arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the "thesection" parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Gaim 0.10.3 and earlier using the OSCAR protocol allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long HTML tag.
      Microsys CyberPatrol uses weak encryption (trivial encoding) for credit card numbers and uses no encryption for the remainder of the information during registration, which could allow attackers to sniff network traffic and obtain this sensitive information.
      Multiple buffer overflows in AFS ACL parser for Ethereal 0.8.13 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a packet with a long username.
      Buffer overflow in Koules 1.4 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long command line argument.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in YaBB search.pl CGI script allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the "catsearch" form field.
      bb-hist.sh, bb-histlog.sh, bb-hostsvc.sh, bb-rep.sh, bb-replog.sh, and bb-ack.sh in Big Brother (BB) before 1.5d3 allows remote attackers to determine the existence of files and user ID's by specifying the target file in the HISTFILE parameter.
      Joe text editor follows symbolic links when creating a rescue copy called DEADJOE during an abnormal exit, which allows local users to overwrite the files of other users whose joe session crashes.
      Netopia ISDN Router 650-ST before 4.3.5 allows remote attackers to read system logs without authentication by directly connecting to the login screen and typing certain control characters.
      Buffer overflow in cmctl program in Oracle 8.1.5 Connection Manager Control allows local users to gain privileges via a long command line argument.
      Real Networks RealServer 7 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain portions of RealServer's memory contents, possibly including sensitive information, by accessing the /admin/includes/ URL.
      WatchGuard Firebox II allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by flooding the Firebox with a large number of FTP or SMTP requests, which disables proxy handling.
      Buffer overflow in socks5 server on Linux allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long connection request.
      telnetd in FreeBSD 4.2 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by specifying an arbitrary large file in the TERMCAP environmental variable, which consumes resources as the server processes the file.
      The telnet proxy in RideWay PN proxy server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of connections that contain malformed requests.
      Buffer overflow in phf CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by specifying a large number of arguments and including a long MIME header.
      Buffer overflow in the HTML parser for Netscape 4.75 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long password value in a form field.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Quikstore shopping cart program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the "page" parameter.
      Buffer overflow in pam_localuser PAM module in Red Hat Linux 7.x and 6.x allows attackers to gain privileges.
      imwheel-solo in imwheel package allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack from the .imwheelrc file.
      htsearch program in htDig 3.2 beta, 3.1.6, 3.1.5, and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of the server by requesting a non-existent configuration file using the config parameter, which generates an error message that includes the full path.
      Buffer overflow in BTT Software SNMP Trap Watcher 1.16 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long string trap.
      Performance Metrics Collector Daemon (PMCD) in Performance Copilot in IRIX 6.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via an extremely long string to the PMCD port.
      Argosoft FRP server 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long string to the (1) USER or (2) CWD commands.
      telnet daemon (telnetd) from the Linux netkit package before netkit-telnet-0.16 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication when telnetd is running with the -L command line option.
      PSCOErrPage.htm in Netscape PublishingXpert 2.5 before SP2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the target file in the errPagePath parameter.
      POP2 or POP3 server (pop3d) in imap-uw IMAP package on FreeBSD and other operating systems creates lock files with predictable names, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (lack of mail access) for other users by creating lock files for other mail boxes.
      qpopper POP server creates lock files with predictable names, which allows local users to cause a denial of service for other users (lack of mail access) by creating lock files for other mail boxes.
      PostgreSQL stores usernames and passwords in plaintext in (1) pg_shadow and (2) pg_pwd, which allows attackers with sufficient privileges to gain access to databases.
      Windows NT allows remote attackers to list all users in a domain by obtaining the domain SID with the LsaQueryInformationPolicy policy function via a null session and using the SID to list the users.
      Check Point FireWall-1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (high CPU) via a flood of packets to port 264.
      ikeyman in IBM IBMHSSSB 1.0 sets the CLASSPATH environmental variable to include the user's own CLASSPATH directories before the system's directories, which allows a malicious local user to execute arbitrary code as root via a Trojan horse Ikeyman class.
      Lotus Domino SMTP server 4.63 through 5.08 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by forging an email message with the sender as bounce@[127.0.0.1] (localhost), which causes Domino to enter a mail loop.
      Vulnerability in the mod_vhost_alias virtual hosting module for Apache 1.3.9, 1.3.11 and 1.3.12 allows remote attackers to obtain the source code for CGI programs if the cgi-bin directory is under the document root.
      Cross site scripting vulnerabilities in Apache 1.3.0 through 1.3.11 allow remote attackers to execute script as other web site visitors via (1) the printenv CGI (printenv.pl), which does not encode its output, (2) pages generated by the ap_send_error_response function such as a default 404, which does not add an explicit charset, or (3) various messages that are generated by certain Apache modules or core code.  NOTE: the printenv issue might still exist for web browsers that can render text/plain content types as HTML, such as Internet Explorer, but CVE regards this as a design limitation of those browsers, not Apache.  The printenv.pl/acuparam vector, discloser on 20070724, is one such variant.
      Vulnerability in Apache httpd before 1.3.11, when configured for mass virtual hosting using mod_rewrite, or mod_vhost_alias in Apache 1.3.9, allows remote attackers to retrieve arbitrary files.
      userhelper in the usermode package on Red Hat Linux executes non-setuid programs as root, which does not activate the security measures in glibc and allows the programs to be exploited via format string vulnerabilities in glibc via the LANG or LC_ALL environment variables (CVE-2000-0844).
      Format string vulnerability in startprinting() function of printjob.c in BSD-based lpr lpd package may allow local users to gain privileges via an improper syslog call that uses format strings from the checkremote() call.
      The "sa" account is installed with a default null password on (1) Microsoft SQL Server 2000, (2) SQL Server 7.0, and (3) Data Engine (MSDE) 1.0, including third party packages that use these products such as (4) Tumbleweed Secure Mail (MMS) (5) Compaq Insight Manager, and (6) Visio 2000, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges, as exploited by worms such as Voyager Alpha Force and Spida.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in source.jsp of Apache Tomcat before 3.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the argument to source.jsp.
      Zope 2.2.0 through 2.2.4 does not properly perform security registration for legacy names of object constructors such as DTML method objects, which could allow attackers to perform unauthorized activities.
      Zope 2.2.0 through 2.2.4 does not properly protect a data updating method on Image and File objects, which allows attackers with DTML editing privileges to modify the raw data of these objects.
      ping in iputils before 20001010, as distributed on Red Hat Linux 6.2 through 7J and other operating systems, does not drop privileges after acquiring a raw socket, which increases ping's exposure to bugs that otherwise would occur at lower privileges.
      Buffer overflows in the (1) outpack or (2) buf variables of ping in iputils before 20001010, as distributed on Red Hat Linux 6.2 through 7J and other operating systems, may allow local users to gain privileges.
      The default configuration of Lotus Domino server 5.0.8 includes system information (version, operating system, and build date) in the HTTP headers of replies, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflow in portmir for AIX 4.3.0 allows local users to corrupt lock files and gain root privileges via the echo_error routine.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 before Service Pack 2 (SP2), when running in a non-Windows 2000 domain and using NTLM authentication, and when credentials of an account are locally cached, allows local users to bypass account lockout policies and make an unlimited number of login attempts, aka the "Domain Account Lockout" vulnerability.
      The default configuration for the domain name resolver for Microsoft Windows 98, NT 4.0, 2000, and XP sets the QueryIpMatching parameter to 0, which causes Windows to accept DNS updates from hosts that it did not query, which allows remote attackers to poison the DNS cache.
      The -ftrapv compiler option in gcc and g++ 3.3.3 and earlier does not handle all types of integer overflows, which may leave applications vulnerable to vulnerabilities related to overflows.
      The line printer daemon (lpd) in the lpr package in multiple Linux operating systems allows local users to gain root privileges by causing sendmail to execute with arbitrary command line arguments, as demonstrated using the -C option to specify a configuration file.
      The line printer daemon (lpd) in the lpr package in multiple Linux operating systems authenticates by comparing the reverse-resolved hostname of the local machine to the hostname of the print server as returned by gethostname, which allows remote attackers to bypass intended access controls by modifying the DNS for the attacking IP.
      AIX sysback before 4.2.1.13 uses a relative path to find and execute the hostname program, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the path to point to a malicious hostname program.
      quikstore.cgi in Quikstore Shopping Cart allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the URL portion of an HTTP GET request.
      Caucho Technology Resin 1.2 and possibly earlier allows remote attackers to view JSP source via an HTTP request to a .jsp file with certain characters appended to the file name, such as (1) "..", (2) "%2e..", (3) "%81", (4) "%82", and others.
      Xitami 2.5b installs the testcgi.exe program by default in the cgi-bin directory, which allows remote attackers to gain sensitive configuration information about the web server by accessing the program.
      Snort 1.6, when running in straight ASCII packet logging mode or IDS mode with straight decoded ASCII packet logging selected, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending non-IP protocols that Snort does not know about, as demonstrated by an nmap protocol scan.
      Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 hosts allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (unavailable connections) by sending multiple SMB SMBnegprots requests but not reading the response that is sent back.
      Phorum 3.0.7 allows remote attackers to change the administrator password without authentication via an HTTP request for admin.php3 that sets step, option, confirm and newPssword variables.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Phorum 3.0.7 allows remote Phorum administrators to read arbitrary files via ".." (dot dot) sequences in the default .langfile name field in the Master Settings administrative function, which causes the file to be displayed in admin.php3.
      Backdoor in auth.php3 in Phorum 3.0.7 allows remote attackers to access restricted web pages via an HTTP request with the PHP_AUTH_USER parameter set to "boogieman".
      code.php3 in Phorum 3.0.7 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files in the phorum directory via the query string.
      upgrade.php3 in Phorum 3.0.7 could allow remote attackers to modify certain Phorum database tables via an unknown method.
      SQL injection vulnerability in read.php3 and other scripts in Phorum 3.0.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries via the sSQL parameter.
      violation.php3 in Phorum 3.0.7 allows remote attackers to send e-mails to arbitrary addresses and possibly use Phorum as a "spam proxy" by setting the Mod and ForumName parameters.
      The default configurations of (1) the port listener and (2) modplsql in Oracle Internet Application Server (IAS) 3.0.7 and earlier allow remote attackers to view privileged database information via HTTP requests for Database Access Descriptor (DAD) files.
      SQL injection vulnerability in mod_sql in Oracle Internet Application Server (IAS) 3.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the query string of the URL.
      The POP3 server in FTGate returns an -ERR code after receiving an invalid USER request, which makes it easier for remote attackers to determine valid usernames and conduct brute force password guessing.
      BEA Systems WebLogic Express and WebLogic Server 5.1 SP1-SP6 allows remote attackers to bypass access controls for restricted JSP or servlet pages via a URL with multiple / (forward slash) characters before the restricted pages.
      This vulnerability is addressed in the following product releases:
BEA Systems Weblogic Server 5.1 SP 7
BEA Systems WebLogic Express 5.1 SP 7
      The HTTP interface of Tivoli Lightweight Client Framework (LCF) in IBM Tivoli Management Framework 3.7.1 sets http_disable to zero at install time, which allows remote authenticated users to bypass file permissions on Tivoli Endpoint Configuration data files via an unspecified manipulation of log files.
      Unspecified vulnerability in siteman.php3 in AnyPortal(php) before 22 APR 00 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via unknown attack vectors, which reveal the absolute path.  NOTE: the provenance of this information is unknown; the details are obtained from third party information.
      Unspecified vulnerability in Haakon Nilsen simple, integrated publishing system (SIPS) before 0.2.4 has an unknown impact and attack vectors, related to a "grave security fault."
      The HTTP service in American Power Conversion (APC) PowerChute uses a default username and password, which allows remote attackers to gain system access.
      Privacy leak in Dansie Shopping Cart 3.04, and probably earlier versions, sends sensitive information such as user credentials to an e-mail address controlled by the product developers.
      Computer Associates InoculateIT Agent for Exchange Server does not recognize an e-mail virus attachment if the SMTP header is missing the "From" field, which allows remote attackers to bypass virus protection.
      Multiple unspecified vulnerabilities in NWFTPD.nlm before 5.01o in the FTP server in Novell NetWare 5.1 SP3 allow remote attackers to bypass intended restrictions on anonymous access via unknown vectors.
      NWFTPD.nlm before 5.01o in the FTP server in Novell NetWare 5.1 SP3 allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (abend) by sending an RNTO command after a failed RNFR command.
      The default configuration of the jserv-status handler in jserv.conf in Apache JServ 1.1.2 includes an "allow from 127.0.0.1" line, which allows local users to discover JDBC passwords or other sensitive information via a direct request to the jserv/ URI.
      crypto/rsa/rsa_gen.c in OpenSSL before 0.9.6 mishandles C bitwise-shift operations that exceed the size of an expression, which makes it easier for remote attackers to defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms by leveraging improper RSA key generation on 64-bit HP-UX platforms.
      cookiedecode function in PHP-Nuke 4.4 allows users to bypass authentication and gain access to other user accounts by extracting the authentication information from a cookie.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain the physical location of cached content and open the content in the Local Computer Zone, then use compiled HTML help (.chm) files to execute arbitrary programs.
      Web Extender Client (WEC) in Microsoft Office 2000, Windows 2000, and Windows Me does not properly process Internet Explorer security settings for NTLM authentication, which allows attackers to obtain NTLM credentials and possibly obtain the password, aka the "Web Client NTLM Authentication" vulnerability.
      IIS 5.0 and 4.0 allows remote attackers to read the source code for executable web server programs by appending "%3F+.htr" to the requested URL, which causes the files to be parsed by the .HTR ISAPI extension, aka a variant of the "File Fragment Reading via .HTR" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in the parsing mechanism of the file loader in Microsoft PowerPoint 2000 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      The Winsock2ProtocolCatalogMutex mutex in Windows NT 4.0 has inappropriate Everyone/Full Control permissions, which allows local users to modify the permissions to "No Access" and disable Winsock network connectivity to cause a denial of service, aka the "Winsock Mutex" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in NetScreen Firewall WebUI allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL request to the web administration interface.
      Backdoor account in Interbase database server allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files using stored procedures.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Lotus Domino 5.0.5 web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. attack.
      Buffer overflow in transaction signature (TSIG) handling code in BIND 8 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in nslookupComplain function in BIND 4 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      BIND 4 and BIND 8 allow remote attackers to access sensitive information such as environment variables.
      Format string vulnerability in nslookupComplain function in BIND 4 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Remote Data Protocol (RDP) in Windows 2000 Terminal Service does not properly handle certain malformed packets, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, aka the "Invalid RDP Data" vulnerability.
      Network Dynamic Data Exchange (DDE) in Windows 2000 allows local users to gain SYSTEM privileges via a "WM_COPYDATA" message to an invisible window that is running with the privileges of the WINLOGON process.
      NTLM Security Support Provider (NTLMSSP) service does not properly check the function number in an LPC request, which could allow local users to gain administrator level access.
      Memory leak in PPTP server in Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed data packet, aka the "Malformed PPTP Packet Stream" vulnerability.
      Windows 2000 domain controller in Windows 2000 Server, Advanced Server, or Datacenter Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of malformed service requests.
      Arrowpoint (aka Cisco Content Services, or CSS) allows local users to cause a denial of service via a long argument to the "show script," "clear script," "show archive," "clear archive," "show log," or "clear log" commands.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Arrowpoint (aka Cisco Content Services, or CSS) allows local unprivileged users to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      MailMan Webmail 3.0.25 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the alternate_template parameter.
      simplestguest.cgi CGI program by Leif Wright allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the guestbook parameter.
      everythingform.cgi CGI program by Leif Wright allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the config parameter.
      simplestmail.cgi CGI program by Leif Wright allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the MyEmail parameter.
      ad.cgi CGI program by Leif Wright allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the file parameter.
      rp-pppoe PPPoE client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via the Clamp MSS option and a TCP packet with a zero-length TCP option.
      mod_sqlpw module in ProFTPD does not reset a cached password when a user uses the "user" command to change accounts, which allows authenticated attackers to gain privileges of other users.
      Buffer overflow in the HTML parsing code in oops WWW proxy server 1.5.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a large number of " (quotation) characters.
      Buffer overflow in oops WWW proxy server 1.4.6 (and possibly other versions) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long host or domain name that is obtained from a reverse DNS lookup.
      FoolProof 3.9 allows local users to bypass program execution restrictions by downloading the restricted executables from another source and renaming them.
      BroadVision One-To-One Enterprise allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of server files by requesting a .JSP file name that does not exist.
      Format string vulnerability in ssldump possibly allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly gain root privileges via malicious format string specifiers in a URL.
      KTH Kerberos IV allows local users to change the configuration of a Kerberos server running at an elevated privilege by specifying an alternate directory using with the KRBCONFDIR environmental variable, which allows the user to gain additional privileges.
      KTH Kerberos IV allows local users to specify an alternate proxy using the krb4_proxy variable, which allows the user to generate false proxy responses and possibly gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in the kdc_reply_cipher function in KTH Kerberos IV allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long authentication request.
      KTH Kerberos IV allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a ticket file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in HomeSeer before 1.4.29 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL containing .. (dot dot) specifiers.
      Offline Explorer 1.4 before Service Release 2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the drive letter (e.g. C:) in the requested URL.
      IPSwitch IMail 6.0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service using the SMTP AUTH command by sending a base64-encoded user password whose length is between 80 and 136 bytes.
      APC UPS daemon, apcupsd, saves its process ID in a world-writable file, which allows local users to kill an arbitrary process by specifying the target process ID in the apcupsd.pid file.
      Memory leak in Cisco Catalyst 4000, 5000, and 6000 series switches allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of failed telnet authentication attempts.
      PHP 3.x (PHP3) on Apache 1.3.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a modified .. (dot dot) attack containing "%5c" (encoded backslash) sequences.
      phpGroupWare before 0.9.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP commands by specifying a malicious include file in the phpgw_info parameter of the phpgw.inc.php program.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Lexmark MarkVision printer driver programs allows local users to gain privileges via long arguments to the cat_network, cat_paraller, and cat_serial commands.
      The default permissions for the RAS Administration key in Windows NT 4.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by changing the value to point to a malicious DLL, aka one of the "Registry Permissions" vulnerabilities.
      The default permissions for the SNMP Parameters registry key in Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to read and possibly modify the SNMP community strings to obtain sensitive information or modify network configuration, aka one of the "Registry Permissions" vulnerabilities.
      The default permissions for the MTS Package Administration registry key in Windows NT 4.0 allows local users to install or modify arbitrary Microsoft Transaction Server (MTS) packages and gain privileges, aka one of the "Registry Permissions" vulnerabilities.
      The "Configure Your Server" tool in Microsoft 2000 domain controllers installs a blank password for the Directory Service Restore Mode, which allows attackers with physical access to the controller to install malicious programs, aka the "Directory Service Restore Mode Password" vulnerability.
      WatchGuard SOHO FireWall 2.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of GET requests.
      Buffer overflow in BitchX IRC client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via an IP address that resolves to a long DNS hostname or domain name.
      IBM DB2 Universal Database version 6.1 creates an account with a default user name and password, which allows remote attackers to gain access to the database.
      IBM DB2 Universal Database version 6.1 allows users to cause a denial of service via a malformed query.
      One-byte buffer overflow in replydirname function in BSD-based ftpd allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in FTP Serv-U before 2.5i allows remote attackers to escape the FTP root and read arbitrary files by appending a string such as "/..%20." to a CD command, a variant of a .. (dot dot) attack.
      CBOS 2.4.1 and earlier in Cisco 600 routers allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a slow stream of TCP SYN packets.
      The Cisco Web Management interface in routers running CBOS 2.4.1 and earlier does not log invalid logins, which allows remote attackers to guess passwords without detection.
      Cisco 600 routers running CBOS 2.4.1 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large ICMP echo (ping) packet.
      The Web interface to Cisco 600 routers running CBOS 2.4.1 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a URL that does not end in a space character.
      patchadd in Solaris allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Format string vulnerability in stunnel 3.8 and earlier allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed ident username.
      procfs in FreeBSD and possibly other operating systems does not properly restrict access to per-process mem and ctl files, which allows local users to gain root privileges by forking a child process and executing a privileged process from the child, while the parent retains access to the child's address space.
      procfs in FreeBSD and possibly other operating systems allows local users to cause a denial of service by calling mmap on the process' own mem file, which causes the kernel to hang.
      procfs in FreeBSD and possibly other operating systems allows local users to bypass access control restrictions for a jail environment and gain additional privileges.
      Webconfig, IMAP, and other services in MDaemon 3.5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL terminated by a "\r\n" string.
      Buffer overflow in bftpd 1.0.13 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long SITE CHOWN command.
      Secure Locate (slocate) allows local users to corrupt memory via a malformed database file that specifies an offset value that accesses memory outside of the intended buffer.
      The installation of J-Pilot creates the .jpilot directory with the user's umask, which could allow local attackers to read other users' PalmOS backup information if their umasks are not securely set.
      Mac OS Runtime for Java (MRJ) 2.2.3 allows remote attackers to use malicious applets to read files outside of the CODEBASE context via the ARCHIVE applet parameter.
      dialog before 0.9a-20000118-3bis in Debian GNU/Linux allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in 1st Up Mail Server 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long MAIL FROM command.
      gpg (aka GnuPG) 1.0.4 and other versions does not properly verify detached signatures, which allows attackers to modify the contents of a file without detection.
      gpg (aka GnuPG) 1.0.4 and other versions imports both public and private keys from public key servers without notifying the user about the private keys, which could allow an attacker to break the web of trust.
      Buffer overflow in the find_default_type function in libsecure in NSA Security-enhanced Linux, which may allow attackers to modify critical data in memory.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in print.cgi in Technote allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the board parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in main.cgi in Technote allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the filename parameter.
      register.cgi in Ikonboard 2.1.7b and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the SEND_MAIL parameter, which overwrites an internal program variable that references a program to be executed.
      The clustmon service in Sun Cluster 2.x does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as system logs and cluster configurations.
      in.mond in Sun Cluster 2.x allows local users to read arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the status file of a host running HA-NFS.
      Support Tools Manager (STM) A.22.00 for HP-UX allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the tool_stat.txt log file.
      Cisco Catalyst 6000, 5000, or 4000 switches allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service by connecting to the SSH service with a non-SSH client, which generates a protocol mismatch error.
      swinit in nCipher does not properly disable the Operator Card Set recovery feature even when explicitly disabled by the user, which could allow attackers to gain access to application keys.
      Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 SP2 with Fastmode enabled allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions via malformed, fragmented packets.
      Windows Media Unicast Service in Windows Media Services 4.0 and 4.1 does not properly shut down some types of connections, producing a memory leak that allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of severed connections, aka the "Severed Windows Media Server Connection" vulnerability.
      GTK+ library allows local users to specify arbitrary modules via the GTK_MODULES environmental variable, which could allow local users to gain privileges if GTK+ is used by a setuid/setgid program.
      Buffer overflow in Kermit communications software in HP-UX 11.0 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands.
      CGI Script Center Subscribe Me LITE 2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary mailing list users without authentication by directly calling subscribe.pl with the target address as a parameter.
      itetris/xitetris 1.6.2 and earlier trusts the PATH environmental variable to find and execute the gunzip program, which allows local users to gain root privileges by changing their PATH so that it points to a malicious gunzip program.
      common.inc.php in phpWebLog 0.4.2 does not properly initialize the $CONF array, which inadvertently sets the password to a single character, allowing remote attackers to easily guess the SiteKey and gain administrative privileges to phpWebLog.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 through 5.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files from the client via the INPUT TYPE element in an HTML form, aka the "File Upload via Form" vulnerability.
      The Print Templates feature in Internet Explorer 5.5 executes arbitrary custom print templates without prompting the user, which could allow an attacker to execute arbitrary ActiveX controls, aka the "Browser Print Template" vulnerability.
      The ActiveX control for invoking a scriptlet in Internet Explorer 5.0 through 5.5 renders arbitrary file types instead of HTML, which allows an attacker to read arbitrary files, aka a variant of the "Scriptlet Rendering" vulnerability.
      A function in Internet Explorer 5.0 through 5.5 does not properly verify the domain of a frame within a browser window, which allows a remote attacker to read client files, aka a new variant of the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability.
      Vulnerability in telnetd in FreeBSD 1.5 allows local users to gain root privileges by modifying critical environmental variables that affect the behavior of telnetd.
      Buffer overflow in kdc_reply_cipher of libkrb (Kerberos 4 authentication library) in NetBSD 1.5 and FreeBSD 4.2 and earlier, as used in Kerberised applications such as telnetd and login, allows local users to gain root privileges.
      catman in Solaris 2.7 and 2.8 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the sman_PID temporary file.
      FrontPage Server Extensions (FPSE) in IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed form, aka the "Malformed Web Form Submission" vulnerability.
      The Web interface for Infinite Interchange 3.6.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a large POST request.
      Buffer overflow in Bea WebLogic Server before 5.1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long URL that begins with a ".."  string.
      bsguest.cgi guestbook script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the email address.
      bslist.cgi mailing list script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the email address.
      Vulnerability in fetchmail 5.5.0-2 and earlier in the AUTHENTICATE GSSAPI command.
      "Multiple Users" Control Panel in Mac OS 9 allows Normal users to gain Owner privileges by removing the Users & Groups Data File, which effectively removes the Owner password and allows the Normal user to log in as the Owner account without a password.
      CoffeeCup Direct and Free FTP clients uses weak encryption to store passwords in the FTPServers.ini file, which could allow attackers to easily decrypt the passwords.
      MDaemon Pro 3.5.1 and earlier allows local users to bypass the "lock server" security setting by pressing the Cancel button at the password prompt, then pressing the enter key.
      Vulnerability in top in HP-UX 11.04 and earlier allows local users to overwrite files owned by the "sys" group.
      Vulnerability in inetd server in HP-UX 11.04 and earlier allows attackers to cause a denial of service when the "swait" state is used by a server.
      Veritas Backup agent on Linux allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by establishing a connection without sending any data, which causes the process to hang.
      PHP Apache module 4.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass .htaccess access restrictions via a malformed HTTP request on an unrestricted page that causes PHP to use those access controls on the next page that is requested.
      rctab in SuSE 7.0 and earlier allows local users to create or overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the rctmp temporary file.
      Buffer overflow in jaZip Zip/Jaz drive manager allows local users to gain root privileges via a long DISPLAY environmental variable.
      Format string vulnerability in splitvt before 1.6.5 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via the -rcfile command line argument.
      Multiple buffer overflows in splitvt before 1.6.5 allow local users to execute arbitrary commands.
      statsconfig.pl in OmniHTTPd 2.07 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the mostbrowsers parameter, whose value is used as part of a generated Perl script.
      statsconfig.pl in OmniHTTPd 2.07 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via the cgidir parameter.
      Buffer overflow in arp command in Solaris 7 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long -f parameter.
      gpm 1.19.3 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      sdiff 2.7 in the diffutils package allows local users to overwrite files via a symlink attack.
      rdist 6.1.5 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      getty_ps 2.0.7j allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      useradd program in shadow-utils program may allow local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      ImageCast Control Center 4.1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion or system crash) via a long string to port 12002.
      Kernel leak in AfpaCache module of the Fast Response Cache Accelerator (FRCA) component of IBM HTTP Server 1.3.x and Websphere 3.52 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of malformed HTTP requests that generate a "bad request" error.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in eXtropia bbs_forum.cgi 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the file parameter.
      Buffer overflow in exrecover in Solaris 2.6 and earlier possibly allows local users to gain privileges via a long command line argument.
      exmh 2.2 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the exmhErrorMsg temporary file.
      Oracle XSQL servlet 1.0.3.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Java code by redirecting the XSQL server to another source via the xml-stylesheet parameter in the xslt stylesheet.
      Buffer overflow in Olivier Debon Flash plugin (not the Macromedia plugin) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long DefineSound tag.
      Zope before 2.2.4 does not properly compute local roles, which could allow users to bypass specified access restrictions and gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in Tinyproxy HTTP proxy 1.3.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long connect request.
      Buffer overflow in HTML parser of the Lotus R5 Domino Server before 5.06, and Domino Client before 5.05, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a malformed font size specifier.
      htpasswd and htdigest in Apache 2.0a9, 1.3.14, and others allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Interscan VirusWall 3.6.x and earlier follows symbolic links when uninstalling the product, which allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      The web administration interface for Interscan VirusWall 3.6.x and earlier does not use encryption, which could allow remote attackers to obtain the administrator password to sniff the administrator password via the setpasswd.cgi program or other HTTP GET requests that contain base64 encoded usernames and passwords.
      Buffer overflow in cpqlogin.htm in web-enabled agents for various Compaq management software products such as Insight Manager and Management Agents allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long user name.
      The default installation of Ultraboard 2000 2.11 creates the Skins, Database, and Backups directories with world-writeable permissions, which could allow local users to modify sensitive information or possibly insert and execute CGI programs.
      Memory leak in ProFTPd 1.2.0rc2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of USER commands, and possibly SIZE commands if the server has been improperly installed.
      Windows Media Player 7 allows remote attackers to execute malicious Java applets in Internet Explorer clients by enclosing the applet in a skin file named skin.wmz, then referencing that skin in the codebase parameter to an applet tag, aka the Windows Media Player Skins File Download" vulnerability.
      privatepw program in wu-ftpd before 2.6.1-6 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      inn 2.2.3 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack in some configurations.
      arpwatch 2.1a4 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack in some configurations.
      mgetty 1.1.22 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack in some configurations.
      squid 2.3 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack in some configurations.
      vpop3d program in linuxconf 1.23r and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      CORE SDI SSH1 CRC-32 compensation attack detector allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands on an SSH server or client via an integer overflow.
      Buffer overflow in VCard handler in Outlook 2000 and 98, and Outlook Express 5.x, allows an attacker to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed vCard birthday field.
      IIS 5.0 and Microsoft Exchange 2000 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory allocation error) by repeatedly sending a series of specially formatted URL's.
      Buffer overflow in Windows 2000 event viewer snap-in allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed field that is improperly handled during the detailed view of event records.
      The WMP ActiveX Control in Windows Media Player 7 allows remote attackers to execute commands in Internet Explorer via javascript URLs, a variant of the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability.
      Windows Scripting Host in Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the GetObject Javascript function and the htmlfile ActiveX object.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier executes Telnet sessions using command line arguments that are specified by the web site, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands if the IE client is using the Telnet client provided in Services for Unix (SFU) 2.0, which creates session transcripts.
      IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of malformed WebDAV requests.
      The password protection option for the Compressed Folders feature in Plus! for Windows 98 and Windows Me writes password information to a file, which allows local users to recover the passwords and read the compressed folders.
      Buffer overflow in VB-TSQL debugger object (vbsdicli.exe) in Visual Studio 6.0 Enterprise Edition allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      HTML e-mail feature in Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier allows attackers to execute attachments by setting an unusual MIME type for the attachment, which Internet Explorer does not process correctly.
      Format string vulnerability in VShell SSH gateway 1.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a user name that contains format string specifiers.
      VShell SSH gateway 1.0.1 and earlier has a default port forwarding rule of 0.0.0.0/0.0.0.0, which could allow local users to conduct arbitrary port forwarding to other systems.
      Debugging utility in the backdoor mode of Palm OS 3.5.2 and earlier allows attackers with physical access to a Palm device to bypass access restrictions and obtain passwords, even if the system lockout mechanism is enabled.
      Lucent/ORiNOCO WaveLAN cards generate predictable Initialization Vector (IV) values for the Wireless Encryption Protocol (WEP) which allows remote attackers to quickly compile information that will let them decrypt messages.
      Cisco 340-series Aironet access point using firmware 11.01 does not use 6 of the 24 available IV bits for WEP encryption, which makes it easier for remote attackers to mount brute force attacks.
      WinCE 3.0.9348 generates predictable TCP Initial Sequence Numbers (ISNs), which allows remote attackers to spoof or hijack TCP connections.
      Cisco AP340 base station produces predictable TCP Initial Sequence Numbers (ISNs), which allows remote attackers to spoof or hijack TCP connections.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape Directory Server 4.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands via a malformed recipient field.
      Buffer overflow in ximp40 shared library in Solaris 7 and Solaris 8 allows local users to gain privileges via a long "arg0" (process name) argument.
      Macromedia Shockwave Flash plugin version 8 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed tag length specifiers in a SWF file.
      Buffer overflow in AT&T WinVNC (Virtual Network Computing) client 3.3.3r7 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long rfbConnFailed packet with a long reason string.
      Buffer overflow in AT&T WinVNC (Virtual Network Computing) server 3.3.3r7 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP GET request when the DebugLevel registry key is greater than 0.
      When using the LD_PRELOAD environmental variable in SUID or SGID applications, glibc does not verify that preloaded libraries in /etc/ld.so.cache are also SUID/SGID, which could allow a local user to overwrite arbitrary files by loading a library from /lib or /usr/lib.
      glibc 2.1.9x and earlier does not properly clear the RESOLV_HOST_CONF, HOSTALIASES, or RES_OPTIONS environmental variables when executing setuid/setgid programs, which could allow local users to read arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in SlimServe HTTPd 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long GET request.
      Buffer overflow in ReiserFS 3.5.28 in SuSE Linux allows local users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands by via a long directory name.
      Buffer overflow in qDecoder library 5.08 and earlier, as used in CrazyWWWBoard, CrazySearch, and other CGI programs, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long MIME Content-Type header.
      Buffer overflow in Trend Micro Virus Buster 2001 8.00 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a large "To" address.
      The caching module in Netscape Fasttrack Server 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) by requesting a large number of non-existent URLs.
      The setuid doroot program in Voyant Sonata 3.x executes arbitrary command line arguments, which allows local users to gain root privileges.
      WebMaster ConferenceRoom 1.8.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a buddy relationship between the IRC server and a server clone.
      kdesu program in KDE2 (KDE before 2.2.0-6) does not properly verify the owner of a UNIX socket that is used to send a password, which allows local users to steal passwords and gain privileges.
      Allaire JRun 3.0 allows remote attackers to list contents of the WEB-INF directory, and the web.xml file in the WEB-INF directory, via a malformed URL that contains a "."
      Lars Ellingsen guestserver.cgi allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the "email" parameter.
      Format string vulnerability in the error logging code of DHCP server and client in Caldera Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      FireWall-1 4.1 with a limited-IP license allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of spoofed IP packets with various source addresses to the inside interface, which floods the console with warning messages and consumes CPU resources.
      ipfw and ip6fw in FreeBSD 4.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions by setting the ECE flag in a TCP packet, which makes the packet appear to be part of an established connection.
      eEye Iris 1.01 beta allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed packet, which causes Iris to crash when a user views the packet.
      Netopia R9100 router version 4.6 allows authenticated users to cause a denial of service by using the router's telnet program to connect to the router's IP address, which causes a crash.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Free Java Web Server 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Format string vulnerability in wu-ftp 2.6.1 and earlier, when running with debug mode enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed argument that is recorded in a PASV port assignment.
      GoodTech FTP server 3.0.1.2.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of connections to the server, which causes it to crash.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in LocalWEB2000 HTTP server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary commands via a .. (dot dot) attack in an HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in /usr/bin/cu in Solaris 2.8 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain privileges by executing cu with a long program name (arg0).
      gnuserv before 3.12, as shipped with XEmacs, does not properly check the specified length of an X Windows MIT-MAGIC-COOKIE cookie, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a buffer overflow, or brute force authentication by using a short cookie length.
      Buffer overflows in CTRLServer in XMail allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the cfgfileget or domaindel functions.
      Format string vulnerability in man in some Linux distributions allows local users to gain privileges via a malformed -l parameter.
      Buffer overflow in httpGets function in CUPS 1.1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long input line.
      sash before 3.4-4 in Debian GNU/Linux does not properly clone /etc/shadow, which makes it world-readable and could allow local users to gain privileges via password cracking.
      inetd ident server in FreeBSD 4.x and earlier does not properly set group permissions, which allows remote attackers to read the first 16 bytes of files that are accessible by the wheel group.
      Format string vulnerability in print_client in icecast 1.3.8beta2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in QuickTime Player plugin 4.1.2 (Japanese) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long HREF parameter in an EMBED tag.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SEDUM HTTP Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the HTTP GET request.
      HSWeb 2.0 HTTP server allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of the server via a request to the /cgi/ directory, which will list the path if directory browsing is enabled.
      The Postaci frontend for PostgreSQL does not properly filter characters such as semicolons, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries via the deletecontact.php program.
      Picserver web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in an HTTP GET request.
      Watchguard Firebox II firewall allows users with read-only access to gain read-write access, and administrative privileges, by accessing a file that contains hashed passphrases, and using the hashes during authentication.
      Watchguard Firebox II allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by establishing multiple connections and sending malformed PPTP packets.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in AOLserver 3.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by inserting "..." into the requested pathname, a modified .. (dot dot) attack.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Soft Lite ServerWorx 3.00 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by inserting a .. (dot dot) or ... into the requested pathname of an HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in bing allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long hostname, which is copied to a small buffer after a reverse DNS lookup using the gethostbyaddr function.
      MicroFocus Cobol 4.1, with the AppTrack feature enabled, installs the mfaslmf directory and the nolicense file with insecure permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying files.
      Buffer overflow in Shoutcast Distributed Network Audio Server (DNAS) 1.7.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long description.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in commerce.cgi CGI program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the page parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in WebSPIRS 3.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the sp.nextform parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in HIS Auktion 1.62 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the menue parameter, and possibly execute commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in pi program in PlanetIntra 2.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Way-board CGI program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the filename in the db parameter and terminating the filename with a null byte.
      ROADS search.pl program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the file name in the form parameter and terminating the filename with a null byte.
      PALS Library System pals-cgi program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the documentName parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in PALS Library System pals-cgi program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the documentName parameter.
      Format string vulnerability in mars_nwe 0.99.pl19 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Vulnerability in Support Tools Manager (xstm,cstm,stm) in HP-UX 11.11 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in ja-elvis and ko-helvis ports of elvis allow local users to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in ja-xklock 2.7.1 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges.
      webmin 0.84 and earlier allows local users to overwrite and create arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in wwwwais allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long QUERY_STRING (HTTP GET request).
      Muscat Empower CGI program allows remote attackers to obtain the absolute pathname of the server via an invalid request in the DB parameter.
      fortran math component in Infobot 0.44.5.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in BiblioWeb web server 2.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) or ... attack in an HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in BiblioWeb web server 2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in GoAhead web server 2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. attack in an HTTP GET request.
      Chili!Soft ASP for Linux before 3.6 does not properly set group privileges when running in inherited mode, which could allow attackers to gain privileges via malicious scripts.
      Buffer overflow in dc20ctrl before 0.4_1 in FreeBSD, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in newsdesk.cgi in News Desk 1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. in the "t" parameter.
      newsdesk.cgi in News Desk 1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in micq client 0.4.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long Description field.
      NewsDaemon before 0.21b allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries and gain privileges via a malformed user_username parameter.
      Vulnerability in crontab allows local users to read crontab files of other users by replacing the temporary file that is being edited while crontab is running.
      Buffer overflow in Solaris snmpXdmid SNMP to DMI mapper daemon allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long "indication" event.
      Memory leak in Microsoft 2000 domain controller allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly connecting to the Kerberos service and then disconnecting without sending any data.
      Microsoft Data Access Component Internet Publishing Provider 8.103.2519.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass Security Zone restrictions via WebDAV requests.
      Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 Web Proxy allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long web request with a specific type.
      Microsoft Word before Word 2002 allows attackers to automatically execute macros without warning the user via a Rich Text Format (RTF) document that links to a template with the embedded macro.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Printing ISAPI extension in Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via a long print request that is passed to the extension through IIS 5.0.
      Buffer overflows in Microsoft Windows Media Player 7 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via (1) a long version tag in an .ASX file, or (2) a long banner tag, a variant of the ".ASX Buffer Overrun" vulnerability as discussed in MS:MS00-090.
      Windows Media Player 7 and earlier stores Internet shortcuts in a user's Temporary Files folder with a fixed filename instead of in the Internet Explorer cache, which causes the HTML in those shortcuts to run in the Local Computer Zone instead of the Internet Zone, which allows remote attackers to read certain files.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Index Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long search parameter.
      Microsoft Index Server 2.0 in Windows NT 4.0, and Indexing Service in Windows 2000, allows remote attackers to read server-side include files via a malformed search request, aka a new variant of the "Malformed Hit-Highlighting" vulnerability.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier does not properly verify the domain of a frame within a browser window, which allows remote web site operators to read certain files on the client by sending information from a local frame to a frame in a different domain, aka a variant of the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflows in BSD-based FTP servers allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long pattern string containing a {} sequence, as seen in (1) g_opendir, (2) g_lstat, (3) g_stat, and (4) the glob0 buffer as used in the glob functions glob2 and glob3.
      Buffer overflow in FTP server in HPUX 11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by creating a long pathname and calling the STAT command, which uses glob to generate long strings.
      Heap overflow in FTP daemon in Solaris 8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by creating a long pathname and calling the LIST command, which uses glob to generate long strings.
      The Web Publishing feature in Netscape Enterprise Server 4.x and earlier allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories under the web server root via the INDEX command.
      The Web Publishing feature in Netscape Enterprise Server 3.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via the REVLOG command.
      iPlanet (formerly Netscape) Enterprise Server 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP GET request that contains many "/../" (dot dot) sequences.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in hsx.cgi program in iWeb Hyperseek 2000 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and directories via a .. (dot dot) attack in the show parameter.
      FaSTream FTP++ Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to obtain the real pathname of the server via the "pwd" command.
      FaSTream FTP++ Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories by using the "ls" command and including the drive letter name (e.g. C:) in the requested pathname.
      FaSTream FTP++ Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long username.
      Buffer overflow in Easycom/Safecom Print Server Web service, version 404.590 and earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via (1) a long URL or (2) a long HTTP header field such as "Host:".
      The Easycom/Safecom Print Server (firmware 404.590) PrintGuide server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of connections that send null characters.
      ssh-keygen in ssh 1.2.27 - 1.2.30 with Secure-RPC can allow local attackers to recover a SUN-DES-1 magic phrase generated by another user, which the attacker can use to decrypt that user's private key file.
      Buffer overflow in Lotus Domino Mail Server 5.0.5 and earlier allows a remote attacker to crash the server or execute arbitrary code via a long "RCPT TO" command.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 Encrypted File System does not properly destroy backups of files that are encrypted, which allows a local attacker to recover the text of encrypted files.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape SmartDownload 1.3 allows remote attackers (malicious web pages) to execute arbitrary commands via a long URL.
      Gene6 G6 FTP Server 2.0 (aka BPFTP Server 2.10) allows attackers to read file attributes outside of the web root via the (1) SIZE and (2) MDTM commands when the "show relative paths" option is not enabled.
      Gene6 G6 FTP Server 2.0 (aka BPFTP Server 2.10) allows remote attackers to obtain NETBIOS credentials by requesting information on a file that is in a network share, which causes the server to send the credentials to the host that owns the share, and allows the attacker to sniff the connection.
      ASCII Armor parser in Windows PGP 7.0.3 and earlier allows attackers to create files in arbitrary locations via a malformed ASCII armored file.
      Vulnerability in Software Distributor SD-UX in HP-UX 11.0 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
      NM debug in HP MPE/iX 6.5 and earlier does not properly handle breakpoints, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      The i386_set_ldt system call in NetBSD 1.5 and earlier, and OpenBSD 2.8 and earlier, when the USER_LDT kernel option is enabled, does not validate a call gate target, which allows local users to gain root privileges by creating a segment call gate in the Local Descriptor Table (LDT) with a target that specifies an arbitrary kernel address.
      pam_ldap authentication module in Solaris 8 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a NULL password.
      Marconi ASX-1000 ASX switches allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service in the telnet and web management interfaces via a malformed packet with the SYN-FIN and More Fragments attributes set.
      mailnews.cgi 1.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a user name that contains shell metacharacters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in sendtemp.pl in W3.org Anaya Web development server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the templ parameter.
      pgp4pine Pine/PGP interface version 1.75-6 does not properly check to see if a public key has expired when obtaining the keys via Gnu Privacy Guard (GnuPG), which causes the message to be sent in cleartext.
      kicq IRC client 1.0.0, and possibly later versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a URL.
      Moby Netsuite Web Server 1.02 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long HTTP request.
      ext.dll in BadBlue 1.02.07 Personal Edition web server allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of the server by directly calling ext.dll without any arguments, which produces an error message that contains the path.
      Buffer overflow in ext.dll in BadBlue 1.02.07 Personal Edition allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP GET request.
      Vulnerability in linkeditor in HP MPE/iX 6.5 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in sudo earlier than 1.6.3p6 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in MERCUR SMTP server 3.30 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long EXPN command.
      Format string vulnerability in DbgPrint function, used in debug messages for some Windows NT drivers (possibly when called through DebugMessage), may allow local users to gain privileges.
      SEDUM 2.1 HTTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SunFTP build 9 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) characters in various commands, including (1) GET, (2) MKDIR, (3) RMDIR, (4) RENAME, or (5) PUT.
      Buffer overflow in IPSEC authentication mechanism for OpenBSD 2.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a malformed Authentication header (AH) IPv4 option.
      Buffer overflow in A1 HTTP server 1.0a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in A1 HTTP server 1.0a allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP GET request.
      VERITAS Cluster Server (VCS) 1.3.0 on Solaris allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic) via the -L option to the lltstat command.
      Cisco switches and routers running IOS 12.1 and earlier produce predictable TCP Initial Sequence Numbers (ISNs), which allows remote attackers to spoof or hijack TCP connections.
      Joe text editor 2.8 searches the current working directory (CWD) for the .joerc configuration file, which could allow local users to gain privileges of other users by placing a Trojan Horse .joerc file into a directory, then waiting for users to execute joe from that directory.
      Vulnerability in Mailman 2.0.1 and earlier allows list administrators to obtain user passwords.
      Buffer overflow in post-query sample CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an HTTP POST request that contains at least 10001 parameters.
      PHP-Nuke 4.4.1a allows remote attackers to modify a user's email address and obtain the password by guessing the user id (UID) and calling user.php with the saveuser operator.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in FtpXQ FTP server 2.0.93 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the GET command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in TYPSoft FTP Server 0.85 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via (1) a .. (dot dot) in a GET command, or (2) a ... in a CWD command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in War FTP 1.67.04 allows remote attackers to list directory contents and possibly read files via a "dir *./../.." command.
      Buffer overflow in WFTPD Pro 3.00 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long CWD command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Simple Server HTTPd 1.0 (originally Free Java Server) allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
      Buffer overflow in WebReflex 1.55 HTTPd allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in Voyager web administration server for Nokia IP440 allows local users to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long URL.
      oidldapd 2.1.1.1 in Oracle 8.1.7 records log files in a directory (ldaplog) that has world-writable permissions, which may allow local users to delete logs and/or overwrite other files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in Analog before 4.16 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by using the ALIAS command to construct large strings.
      Buffer overflow in tstisapi.dll in Pi3Web 1.0.1 web server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long URL.
      tstisapi.dll in Pi3Web 1.0.1 web server allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of the server via a URL that requests a non-existent file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Caucho Resin 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a "\.." (dot dot) in a URL request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in store.cgi in Thinking Arts ES.One package allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the StartID parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ITAfrica WEBactive HTTP Server 1.00 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a URL.
      Bajie HTTP JServer 0.78, and other versions before 0.80, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in an HTTP request for a CGI program that does not exist.
      UploadServlet in Bajie HTTP JServer 0.78, and possibly other versions before 0.80, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by calling the servlet to upload a program, then using a ... (modified ..) to access the file that was created for the program.
      inetd in Red Hat 6.2 does not properly close sockets for internal services such as chargen, daytime, echo, etc., which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of connections to the internal services.
      sort in FreeBSD 4.1.1 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, uses predictable temporary file names and does not properly handle when the temporary file already exists, which causes sort to crash and possibly impacts security-sensitive scripts.
      Vulnerability in OmniBackII A.03.50 in HP 11.x and earlier allows attackers to gain unauthorized access to an OmniBack client.
      IBM WebSphere plugin for Netscape Enterprise server allows remote attackers to read source code for JSP files via an HTTP request that contains a host header that references a host that is not in WebSphere's host aliases list, which will bypass WebSphere processing.
      Borderware Firewall Server 6.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a ping to the broadcast address of the public network on which the server is placed, which causes the server to continuously send pings (echo requests) to the network.
      Buffer overflow in www.tol module in America Online (AOL) 5.0 may allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long URL in a link.
      The locking feature in mIRC 5.7 allows local users to bypass the password mechanism by modifying the LockOptions registry key.
      Linux kernel 2.4 and 2.2 allows local users to read kernel memory and possibly gain privileges via a negative argument to the sysctl call.
      Race condition in ptrace in Linux kernel 2.4 and 2.2 allows local users to gain privileges by using ptrace to track and modify a running setuid process.
      Format string vulnerability in ProFTPD 1.2.0rc2 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary commands by shutting down the FTP server while using a malformed working directory (cwd).
      orderdspc.d2w macro in IBM Net.Commerce 3.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries by inserting them into the order_rn option of the report capability.
      bb_smilies.php and bbcode_ref.php in PHP-Nuke 4.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and gain PHP administrator privileges by inserting a null character and .. (dot dot) sequences into a malformed username argument.
      opendir.php script in PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the filename as an argument to the requesturl parameter.
      MSHTML.DLL HTML parser in Internet Explorer 4.0, and other versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a script that creates and deletes an object that is associated with the browser window object.
      The ICMP path MTU (PMTU) discovery feature in various UNIX systems allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by spoofing "ICMP Fragmentation needed but Don't Fragment (DF) set" packets between two target hosts, which could cause one host to lower its MTU when transmitting to the other host.
      Windows 98 and Windows 2000 Java clients allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a Java applet that opens a large number of UDP sockets, which prevents the host from establishing any additional UDP connections, and possibly causes a crash.
      Buffer overflow in QNX RTP 5.60 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a large number of arguments to the stat command.
      Oracle Java Virtual Machine (JVM ) for Oracle 8.1.7 and Oracle Application Server 9iAS Release 1.0.2.0.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via the .jsp and .sqljsp file extensions when the server is configured to use the <<ALL FILES>> FilePermission.
      iPlanet Web Server Enterprise Edition 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to retrieve sensitive data from memory allocation pools, or cause a denial of service, via a URL-encoded Host: header in the HTTP request, which reveals memory in the Location: header that is returned by the server.
      TCP implementations that use random increments for initial sequence numbers (ISN) can allow remote attackers to perform session hijacking or disruption by injecting a flood of packets with a range of ISN values, one of which may match the expected ISN.
      Bugzilla 2.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a username that is then processed by (1) the Bugzilla_login cookie in post_bug.cgi, or (2) the who parameter in process_bug.cgi.
      Bugzilla 2.10 allows remote attackers to access sensitive information, including the database username and password, via an HTTP request for the globals.pl file, which is normally returned by the web server without being executed.
      Buffer overflow in Embedded Support Partner (ESP) daemon (rpc.espd) in IRIX 6.5.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier does not properly verify the domain of a frame within a browser window, which allows remote web site operators to read certain files on the client by sending information from a local frame to a frame in a different domain using MSScriptControl.ScriptControl and GetObject, aka a variant of the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in IIS 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by encoding .. (dot dot) and "\" characters twice.
      FTP service in IIS 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a wildcard sequence that generates a long string when it is expanded.
      FTP service in IIS 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to enumerate Guest accounts in trusted domains by preceding the username with a special sequence of characters.
      The Microsoft MS00-060 patch for IIS 5.0 and earlier introduces an error which allows attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed request.
      The Microsoft MS01-014 and MS01-016 patches for IIS 5.0 and earlier introduce a memory leak which allows attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of requests.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier does not properly validate digital certificates when Certificate Revocation List (CRL) checking is enabled, which could allow remote attackers to spoof trusted web sites, aka the "Server certificate validation vulnerability."
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to display a URL in the address bar that is different than the URL that is actually being displayed, which could be used in web site spoofing attacks, aka the "Web page spoofing vulnerability."
      An interaction between the Outlook Web Access (OWA) service in Microsoft Exchange 2000 Server and Internet Explorer allows attackers to execute malicious script code against a user's mailbox via a message attachment that contains HTML code, which is executed automatically.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Visual Studio RAD Support sub-component of FrontPage Server Extensions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long registration request (URL) to fp30reg.dll.
      An SQL query method in Microsoft SQL Server 2000 Gold and 7.0 using Mixed Mode allows local database users to gain privileges by reusing a cached connection of the sa administrator account.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 telnet service allows attackers to prevent idle Telnet sessions from timing out, causing a denial of service by creating a large number of idle sessions.
      Handle leak in Microsoft Windows 2000 telnet service allows attackers to cause a denial of service by starting a large number of sessions and terminating them.
      Information disclosure vulnerability in Microsoft Windows 2000 telnet service allows remote attackers to determine the existence of user accounts such as Guest, or log in to the server without specifying the domain name, via a malformed userid.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 telnet service allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long logon command that contains a backspace.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 telnet service creates named pipes with predictable names and does not properly verify them, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by creating a named pipe with the predictable name and associating a malicious program with it, the first of two variants of this vulnerability.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 telnet service creates named pipes with predictable names and does not properly verify them, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by creating a named pipe with the predictable name and associating a malicious program with it, the second of two variants of this vulnerability.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 telnet service allows a local user to make a certain system call that allows the user to terminate a Telnet session and cause a denial of service.
      SNMP agents in 3Com AirConnect AP-4111 and Symbol 41X1 Access Point allow remote attackers to obtain the WEP encryption key by reading it from a MIB when the value should be write-only, via (1) dot11WEPDefaultKeyValue in the dot11WEPDefaultKeysTable of the IEEE 802.11b MIB, or (2) ap128bWepKeyValue in the ap128bWEPKeyTable in the Symbol MIB.
      Buffer overflow in the line printer daemon (in.lpd) for Solaris 8 and earlier allows local and remote attackers to gain root privileges via a "transfer job" routine.
      TheNet CheckBO 1.56 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of characters to the TCP ports which it is listening on.
      Novell Groupwise 5.5 (sp1 and sp2) allows a remote user to access arbitrary files via an implementation error in Groupwise system policies.
      FormMail.pl in FormMail 1.6 and earlier allows a remote attacker to send anonymous email (spam) by modifying the recipient and message parameters.
      Buffer overflows in Sierra Half-Life build 1573 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) a long map command, (2) a long exec command, or (3) long input in a configuration file.
      Format string vulnerability in Sierra Half-Life build 1573 and earlier allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via the map command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in help.cgi in Ikonboard 2.1.7b and earlier allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the helpon parameter.
      Implementations of SSH version 1.5, including (1) OpenSSH up to version 2.3.0, (2) AppGate, and (3) ssh-1 up to version 1.2.31, in certain configurations, allow a remote attacker to decrypt and/or alter traffic via a "Bleichenbacher attack" on PKCS#1 version 1.5.
      SSH Communications Security sshd 2.4 for Windows allows remote attackers to create a denial of service via a large number of simultaneous connections.
      Eudora before 5.1 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code, when the 'Use Microsoft Viewer' and 'allow executables in HTML content' options are enabled, via an HTML email message containing Javascript, with ActiveX controls and malicious code within IMG tags.
      saposcol in SAP R/3 Web Application Server Demo before 1.5 trusts the PATH environmental variable to find and execute the expand program, which allows local users to obtain root access by modifying the PATH to point to a Trojan horse expand program.
      Mirabilis ICQ WebFront Plug-in ICQ2000b Build 3278 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via HTTP URL requests containing a large number of % characters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in BearShare 2.2.2 and earlier allows a remote attacker to read certain files via a URL containing a series of . characters, a variation of the .. (dot dot) attack.
      Buffer overflow in lpsched on DGUX version R4.20MU06 and MU02 allows a local attacker to obtain root access via a long command line argument (non-existent printer name).
      fcheck prior to 2.57.59 calls the file signature checking program insecurely, which can allow a local user to run arbitrary commands via a file name that contains shell metacharacters.
      Race condition in the UFS and EXT2FS file systems in FreeBSD 4.2 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, makes deleted data available to user processes before it is zeroed out, which allows a local user to access otherwise restricted information.
      Akopia Interchange 4.5.3 through 4.6.3 installs demo stores with a default group account :backup with no password, which allows a remote attacker to gain administrative access via the demo stores (1) barry, (2) basic, or (3) construct.
      The default configuration of the Dr. Watson program in Windows NT and Windows 2000 generates user.dmp crash dump files with world-readable permissions, which could allow a local user to gain access to sensitive information.
      The HTTP server in Compaq web-enabled management software for (1) Foundation Agents, (2) Survey, (3) Power Manager, (4) Availability Agents, (5) Intelligent Cluster Administrator, and (6) Insight Manager can be used as a generic proxy server, which allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions via the management port, 2301.
      Cisco PIX Firewall 515 and 520 with 5.1.4 OS running aaa authentication to a TACACS+ server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of authentication requests.
      SonicWALL Tele2 and SOHO firewalls with 6.0.0.0 firmware using IPSEC with IKE pre-shared keys do not allow for the use of full 128 byte IKE pre-shared keys, which is the intended design of the IKE pre-shared key, and only support 48 byte keys.  This allows a remote attacker to brute force attack the pre-shared keys with significantly less resources than if the full 128 byte IKE pre-shared keys were used.
      Infradig Inframail prior to 3.98a allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via a malformed POST request which includes a space followed by a large string.
      readline prior to 4.1, in OpenBSD 2.8 and earlier, creates history files with insecure permissions, which allows a local attacker to recover potentially sensitive information via readline history files.
      Vulnerability in the newgrp program included with HP9000 servers running HP-UX 11.11 allows a local attacker to obtain higher access rights.
      Crosscom/Olicom XLT-F running XL 80 IM Version 5.5 Build Level 2 allows a remote attacker SNMP read and write access via a default, undocumented community string 'ILMI'.
      The OpenPGP PGP standard allows an attacker to determine the private signature key via a cryptanalytic attack in which the attacker alters the encrypted private key file and captures a single message signed with the signature key.
      Computer Associates CCC\Harvest 5.0 for Windows NT/2000 uses weak encryption for passwords, which allows a remote attacker to gain privileges on the application.
      banners.php in PHP-Nuke 4.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify banner ad URLs by directly calling the Change operation, which does not require authentication.
      ppd in Reliant Sinix allows local users to corrupt arbitrary files via a symlink attack in the /tmp/ppd.trace file.
      GoAhead webserver 2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTTP request to the /aux directory.
      AnalogX SimpleServer:WWW 1.08 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTTP request to the /aux directory.
      Format string vulnerability in hfaxd in HylaFAX before 4.1.b2_2 allows local users to gain privileges via the -q command line argument.
      time server daemon timed allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed packets.
      IBM Websphere/NetCommerce3 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to determine the real path of the server by directly calling the macro.d2w macro with a NOEXISTINGHTMLBLOCK argument.
      IBM Websphere/NetCommerce3 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by directly calling the macro.d2w macro with a long string of %0a characters.
      Xitami 2.5d4 and earlier allows remote attackers to crash the server via an HTTP request to the /aux directory.
      Navision Financials Server 2.60 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending a null character and a long string to the server port (2407), which causes the server to crash.
      Navision Financials Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of connections to the server without providing a username/password combination, which consumes the license limits.
      Remote manager service in Website Pro 3.0.37 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of malformed HTTP requests to the /dyn directory.
      Lightwave ConsoleServer 3200 does not disconnect users after unsuccessful login attempts, which could allow remote attackers to conduct brute force password guessing.
      The pre-login mode in the System Administrator interface of Lightwave ConsoleServer 3200 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as system status, configuration, and users.
      Buffer overflow in Silent Runner Collector (SRC) 1.6.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long SMTP HELO command.
      The BAT! mail client allows remote attackers to bypass user warnings of an executable attachment and execute arbitrary commands via an attachment whose file name contains many spaces, which also causes the BAT!  to misrepresent the attachment's type with a different icon.
      Caucho Resin 1.3b1 and earlier allows remote attackers to read source code for Javabean files by inserting a .jsp before the WEB-INF specifier in an HTTP request.
      nph-maillist.pl allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters ("`") in the email address.
      Buffer overflow in tip in Solaris 8 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long HOME environmental variable.
      IPFilter 3.4.16 and earlier does not include sufficient session information in its cache, which allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions by sending fragmented packets to a restricted port after sending unfragmented packets to an unrestricted port.
      /opt/JSparm/bin/perfmon program in Solaris allows local users to create arbitrary files as root via the Logging File option in the GUI.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in JavaServer Web Dev Kit (JSWDK) 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP request to the WEB-INF directory.
      ip_conntrack_ftp in the IPTables firewall for Linux 2.4 allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for an FTP server via a PORT command that lists an arbitrary IP address and port number, which is added to the RELATED table and allowed by the firewall.
      Samba before 2.2.0 allows local attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack using (1) a printer queue query, (2) the more command in smbclient, or (3) the mput command in smbclient.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in MySQL before 3.23.36 allows local users to modify arbitrary files and gain privileges by creating a database whose name starts with .. (dot dot).
      vim (aka gvim) processes VIM control codes that are embedded in a file, which could allow attackers to execute arbitrary commands when another user opens a file containing malicious VIM control codes.
      vim (aka gvim) allows local users to modify files being edited by other users via a symlink attack on the backup and swap files, when the victim is editing the file in a world writable directory.
      Buffer overflow in Trend Micro Virus Buster 2001 8.02 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long "From" header.
      Reliant Unix 5.44 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an ICMP port unreachable packet, which causes Reliant to drop all connections to the source address of the packet.
      Cisco Content Services (CSS) switch products 11800 and earlier, aka Arrowpoint, allows local users to gain privileges by entering debug mode.
      BinTec X4000 Access router, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a SYN port scan, which causes the router to hang.
      Buffer overflow in ntpd ntp daemon 4.0.99k and earlier (aka xntpd and xntp3) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long readvar argument.
      REDIPlus program, REDI.exe, stores passwords and user names in cleartext in the StartLog.txt log file, which allows local users to gain access to other accounts.
      sgml-tools (aka sgmltools) before 1.0.9-15 creates temporary files with insecure permissions, which allows other users to read files that are being processed by sgml-tools.
      Kerberos 4 (aka krb4) allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on new ticket files.
      content.pl script in NCM Content Management System allows remote attackers to read arbitrary contents of the content database by inserting SQL characters into the id parameter.
      Buffer overflow in shared library ndwfn4.so for iPlanet Web Server (iWS) 4.1, when used as a web listener for Oracle application server 4.0.8.2, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP request that is passed to the application server, such as /jsp/.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in talkback.cgi program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the article parameter.
      FTP server in Solaris 8 and earlier allows local and remote attackers to cause a core dump in the root directory, possibly with world-readable permissions, by providing a valid username with an invalid password followed by a CWD ~ command, which could release sensitive information such as shadowed passwords, or fill the disk partition.
      Buffer overflow in Xsun in Solaris 8 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long HOME environmental variable.
      Buffer overflow in ipcs in Solaris 7 x86 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long TZ (timezone) environmental variable, a different vulnerability than CAN-2002-0093.
      BubbleMon 1.31 does not properly drop group privileges before executing programs, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands with the kmem group id.
      AdLibrary.pm in AdCycle 0.78b allows remote attackers to gain privileges to AdCycle via a malformed Agent: header in the HTTP request, which is inserted into a resulting SQL query that is used to verify login information.
      Buffer overflow in dtsession on Solaris, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain privileges via a long LANG environmental variable.
      Cisco VPN 3000 series concentrators before 2.5.2(F) allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of invalid login requests to (1) the SSL service, or (2) the telnet service, which do not properly disconnect the user after several failed login attempts.
      Cisco VPN 3000 series concentrators before 2.5.2(F) allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an IP packet with an invalid IP option.
      Cisco Catalyst 5000 series switches 6.1(2) and earlier will forward an 802.1x frame on a Spanning Tree Protocol (STP) blocked port, which causes a network storm and a denial of service.
      Vulnerability in exuberant-ctags before 3.2.4-0.1 insecurely creates temporary files.
      Vulnerability in iPlanet Web Server Enterprise Edition 4.x.
      Buffer overflows in various CGI programs in the remote administration service for Trend Micro Interscan VirusWall 3.01 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in Savant 3.0 web server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long Host HTTP header.
      The LogDataListToFile ActiveX function used in (1) Knowledge Center and (2) Back web components of Compaq Presario computers allows remote attackers to modify arbitrary files and cause a denial of service.
      The split key mechanism used by PGP 7.0 allows a key share holder to obtain access to the entire key by setting the "Cache passphrase while logged on" option and capturing the passphrases of other share holders as they authenticate.
      dcboard.cgi in DCForum 2000 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by uploading a Perl program to the server and using a .. (dot dot) in the AZ parameter to reference the program.
      upload_file.pl in DCForum 2000 1.0 allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary files without authentication by setting the az parameter to upload_file.
      Preview version of Timbuktu for Mac OS X allows local users to modify System Preferences without logging in via the About Timbuktu menu.
      licq before 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a URL.
      Buffer overflow in logging functions of licq before 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in (1) wrapping and (2) unwrapping functions of slrn news reader before 0.9.7.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long message header.
      Buffer overflow in Mercury MTA POP3 server for NetWare 1.48 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long APOP command.
      Buffer overflow in QPC QVT/Net Popd 4.20 in QVT/Net 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via (1) a long username, or (2) a long password.
      Cisco CBOS 2.3.0.053 sends output of the "sh nat" (aka "show nat") command to the terminal of the next user who attempts to connect to the router via telnet, which could allow that user to obtain sensitive information.
      IBM WCS (WebSphere Commerce Suite) 4.0.1 with Application Server 3.0.2 allows remote attackers to read source code for .jsp files by appending a / to the requested URL.
      Web configuration server in 602Pro LAN SUITE allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary commands, via a long HTTP request containing "%2e" (dot dot) characters.
      Web configuration server in 602Pro LAN SUITE allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTTP GET HTTP request to the aux directory, and possibly other directories with legacy DOS device names.
      Buffer overflow in WinZip 8.0 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long file name that is processed by the /zipandemail command line option.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Transsoft FTP Broker before 5.5 allows attackers to (1) delete arbitrary files via DELETE, or (2) list arbitrary directories via LIST, via a .. (dot dot) in the file name.
      INDEXU 2.0 beta and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges by setting the cookie_admin_authenticated cookie value to 1.
      BRS WebWeaver FTP server before 0.64 Beta allows remote attackers to obtain the real pathname of the server via a "CD *" command followed by an ls command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in BRS WebWeaver HTTP server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the (1) syshelp, (2) sysimages, or (3) scripts directories.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SlimServe HTTPd 1.1a allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ... (modified dot dot) in the HTTP request.
      Cisco Aironet 340 Series wireless bridge before 8.55 does not properly disable access to the web interface, which allows remote attackers to modify its configuration.
      postinst installation script for Proftpd in Debian 2.2 does not properly change the "run as uid/gid root" configuration when the user enables anonymous access, which causes the server to run at a higher privilege than intended.
      man2html before 1.5-22 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion).
      Multiple buffer overflows in ePerl before 2.2.14-0.7 allow local and remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflows in ascdc Afterstep while running setuid allows local users to gain root privileges via a long (1) -d option, (2) -m option, or (3) -f option.
      Websweeper 4.0 does not limit the length of certain HTTP headers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via an extremely large HTTP Referrer: header.
      template.cgi in Free On-Line Dictionary of Computing (FOLDOC) allows remote attackers to read files and execute commands via shell metacharacters in the argument to template.cgi.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Perl web server 0.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in cal_make.pl in PerlCal allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the p0 parameter.
      Buffer overflow in websync.exe in Cyberscheduler allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long tzs (timezone) parameter.
      TurboTax saves passwords in a temporary file when a user imports investment tax information from a financial institution, which could allow local users to obtain sensitive information.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ustorekeeper 1.61 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the file parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in RobTex Viking Web server before 1.07-381 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a \... (modified dot dot) in an HTTP URL request.
      Buffer overflow in FTPFS allows local users to gain root privileges via a long user name.
      rwho daemon rwhod in FreeBSD 4.2 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed packets with a short length.
      Buffer overflow in SNMP proxy agent snmpd in Solaris 8 may allow local users to gain root privileges by calling snmpd with a long program name.
      SSH daemon version 1 (aka SSHD-1 or SSH-1) 1.2.30 and earlier does not log repeated login attempts, which could allow remote attackers to compromise accounts without detection via a brute force attack.
      Hursley Software Laboratories Consumer Transaction Framework (HSLCTF) HTTP object allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an extremely long HTTP request.
      Format string vulnerability in Mutt before 1.2.5 allows a remote malicious IMAP server to execute arbitrary commands.
      Utah-glx in Mesa before 3.3-14 on Mandrake Linux 7.2 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the /tmp/glxmemory file.
      index.php in Jelsoft vBulletin does not properly initialize a PHP variable that is used to store template information, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via special characters in the templatecache parameter.
      Multiple buffer overflows in s.cgi program in Aspseek search engine 1.03 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via (1) a long HTTP query string, or (2) a long tmpl parameter.
      Vulnerability in WebCalendar 0.9.26 allows remote command execution.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in phpMyAdmin 2.2.0 and earlier versions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a .. (dot dot) in an argument to the sql.php script.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in phpPgAdmin 2.2.1 and earlier versions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a .. (dot dot) in an argument to the sql.php script.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Alex's FTP Server 0.7 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ... (modified dot dot) in the (1) GET or (2) CD commands.
      Vulnerability in rpmdrake in Mandrake Linux 8.0 related to insecure temporary file handling.
      Configuration error in Argus PitBull LX allows root users to bypass specified access control restrictions and cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands by modifying kernel variables such as MaxFiles, MaxInodes, and ModProbePath in /proc/sys via calls to sysctl.
      Configuration error in Axent Raptor Firewall 6.5 allows remote attackers to use the firewall as a proxy to access internal web resources when the http.noproxy Rule is not set.
      Tektronix PhaserLink 850 does not require authentication for access to configuration pages such as _ncl_subjects.shtml and _ncl_items.shtml, which allows remote attackers to modify configuration information and cause a denial of service by accessing the pages.
      Unknown vulnerability in netprint in IRIX 6.2, and possibly other versions, allows local users with lp privileges attacker to execute arbitrary commands via the -n option.
      Remote attackers can cause a denial of service in Novell BorderManager 3.6 and earlier by sending TCP SYN flood to port 353.
      AIX SNMP server snmpd allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a RST during the TCP connection.
      pcltotiff in HP-UX 10.x has unnecessary set group id permissions, which allows local users to cause a denial of service.
      Format string vulnerability in gftp prior to 2.0.8 allows remote malicious FTP servers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in WINAMP 2.6x and 2.7x allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string in an AIP file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in RaidenFTPD Server 2.1 before build 952 allows attackers to access files outside the ftp root via dot dot attacks, such as (1) .... in CWD, (2) .. in NLST, or (3) ... in NLST.
      Netcruiser Web server version 0.1.2.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the physical path of the server via a URL containing (1) con, (2) com2, or (3) com3.
      Small HTTP server 2.03 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a URL that contains an MS-DOS device name such as aux.
      Buffer overflow in IPSwitch IMail SMTP server 6.06 and possibly prior versions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long From: header.
      Directory traversal in DataWizard WebXQ server 1.204 allows remote attackers to view files outside of the web root via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      kdesu in kdelibs package creates world readable temporary files containing authentication info, which can allow local users to gain privileges.
      dnskeygen in BIND 8.2.4 and earlier, and dnssec-keygen in BIND 9.1.2 and earlier, set insecure permissions for a HMAC-MD5 shared secret key file used for DNS Transactional Signatures (TSIG), which allows attackers to obtain the keys and perform dynamic DNS updates.
      Transparent Network Substrate (TNS) over Net8 (SQLNet) in Oracle 8i 8.1.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed SQLNet connection request with a large offset in the header extension.
      Buffer overflow in Transparent Network Substrate (TNS) Listener in Oracle 8i 8.1.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a long argument to the commands (1) STATUS, (2) PING, (3) SERVICES, (4) TRC_FILE, (5) SAVE_CONFIG, or (6) RELOAD.
      Buffer overflow in ISAPI extension (idq.dll) in Index Server 2.0 and Indexing Service 2000 in IIS 6.0 beta and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long argument to Internet Data Administration (.ida) and Internet Data Query (.idq) files such as default.ida, as commonly exploited by Code Red.
      Microsoft Word 2002 and earlier allows attackers to automatically execute macros without warning the user by embedding the macros in a manner that escapes detection by the security scanner.
      Running Windows 2000 LDAP Server over SSL, a function does not properly check the permissions of a user request when the directory principal is a domain user and the data attribute is the domain password, which allows local users to modify the login password of other users.
      Microsoft NetMeeting 3.01 with Remote Desktop Sharing enabled allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed string to the NetMeeting service port, aka a variant of the "NetMeeting Desktop Sharing" vulnerability.
      Vulnerability in authentication process for SMTP service in Microsoft Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to use incorrect credentials to gain privileges and conduct activities such as mail relaying.
      Multiple memory leaks in Microsoft Services for Unix 2.0 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via a large number of malformed requests to (1) the Telnet service, or (2) the NFS service.
      Buffer overflow in ssinc.dll in IIS 5.0 and 4.0 allows local users to gain system privileges via a Server-Side Includes (SSI) directive for a long filename, which triggers the overflow when the directory name is added, aka the "SSI privilege elevation" vulnerability.
      IIS 5.0 uses relative paths to find system files that will run in-process, which allows local users to gain privileges via a Trojan horse file, aka the "System file listing privilege elevation" vulnerability.
      Vulnerability in IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (restart) via a long, invalid WebDAV request.
      Vulnerabilities in RPC servers in (1) Microsoft Exchange Server 2000 and earlier, (2) Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and earlier, (3) Windows NT 4.0, and (4) Windows 2000 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed inputs.
      Oracle listener process on Windows NT redirects connection requests to another port and creates a separate thread to process the request, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly connecting to the Oracle listener but not connecting to the redirected port.
      SNMP service in Atmel 802.11b VNET-B Access Point 1.3 and earlier, as used in Netgear ME102 and Linksys WAP11, accepts arbitrary community strings with requested MIB modifications, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as WEP keys, cause a denial of service, or gain access to the network.
      Oracle Listener in Oracle 7.3 and 8i allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed connection packet with a large offset_to_data value.
      Oracle listener between Oracle 9i and Oracle 8.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed connection packet that contains an incorrect requester_version value that does not match an expected offset to the data.
      Oracle listener in Oracle 8i on Solaris allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed connection packet with a maximum transport data size that is set to 0.
      Oracle listener before Oracle 9i allows attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly sending the first portion of a fragmented Oracle command without sending the remainder of the command, which causes the listener to hang.
      Aladdin eSafe Gateway versions 2.x allows a remote attacker to circumvent HTML SCRIPT filtering via a special arrangement of HTML tags which includes SCRIPT tags embedded within other SCRIPT tags.
      Aladdin eSafe Gateway versions 3.0 and earlier allows a remote attacker to circumvent filtering of SCRIPT tags by embedding the scripts within certain HTML tags including (1) onload in the BODY tag, (2) href in the A tag, (3) the BUTTON tag, (4) the INPUT tag, or (5) any other tag in which scripts can be defined.
      Aladdin eSafe Gateway versions 3.0 and earlier allows a remote attacker to circumvent HTML SCRIPT filtering via the UNICODE encoding of SCRIPT tags within the HTML document.
      Format string vulnerability in Gnu Privacy Guard (aka GnuPG or gpg) 1.05 and earlier can allow an attacker to gain privileges via format strings in the original filename that is stored in an encrypted file.
      eEye SecureIIS versions 1.0.3 and earlier allows a remote attacker to bypass filtering of requests made to SecureIIS by escaping HTML characters within the request, which could allow a remote attacker to use restricted variables and perform directory traversal attacks on vulnerable programs that would otherwise be protected.
      eEye SecureIIS versions 1.0.3 and earlier does not perform length checking on individual HTTP headers, which allows a remote attacker to send arbitrary length strings to IIS, contrary to an advertised feature of SecureIIS versions 1.0.3 and earlier.
      Buffer overflow in dsh in dqs 3.2.7 in SuSE Linux 7.0 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain privileges via a long first command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in the Xview library as used by mailtool in Solaris 8 and earlier allows a local attacker to gain privileges via the OPENWINHOME environment variable.
      DCScripts DCForum versions 2000 and earlier allow a remote attacker to gain additional privileges by inserting pipe symbols (|) and newlines into the last name in the registration form, which will create an extra entry in the registration database.
      Oracle E-Business Suite Release 11i Applications Desktop Integrator (ADI) version 7.x includes a debug version of FNDPUB11I.DLL, which logs the APPS schema password in cleartext in a debug file, which allows local users to obtain the password and gain privileges.
      OpenSSH version 2.9 and earlier, with X forwarding enabled, allows a local attacker to delete any file named 'cookies' via a symlink attack.
      Spearhead NetGAP 200 and 300 before build 78 allow a remote attacker to bypass file blocking and content inspection via specially encoded URLs which include '%' characters.
      Buffer overflow in libi18n library in IBM AIX 5.1 and 4.3.x allows local users to gain root privileges via a long LANG environmental variable.
      Multiple buffer overflows in RADIUS daemon radiusd in (1) Merit 3.6b and (2) Lucent 2.1-2 RADIUS allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary commands.
      Example applications (Exampleapps) in ColdFusion Server 4.x do not properly restrict prevent access from outside the local host's domain, which allows remote attackers to conduct upload, read, or execute files by spoofing the "HTTP Host" (CGI.Host) variable in (1) the "Web Publish" example script, and (2) the "Email" example script.
      HTTP server for Cisco IOS 11.3 to 12.2 allows attackers to bypass authentication and execute arbitrary commands, when local authorization is being used, by specifying a high access level in the URL.
      Microsoft Outlook View ActiveX Control in Microsoft Outlook 2002 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malicious HTML e-mail message or web page.
      Memory leak in Terminal servers in Windows NT and Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via a large number of malformed Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) requests to port 3389.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Windows Media Player 7.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a malformed Windows Media Station (.NSC) file.
      Buffer overflows in Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and 2000 allow attackers with access to SQL Server to execute arbitrary code through the functions (1) raiserror, (2) formatmessage, or (3) xp_sprintf.  NOTE: the C runtime format string vulnerability reported in MS01-060 is identified by CVE-2001-0879.
      Memory leak in NNTP service in Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via a large number of malformed posts.
      IIS 5.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang) via by installing content that produces a certain invalid MIME Content-Type header, which corrupts the File Type table.
      IIS 4.0 with URL redirection enabled allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed request that specifies a length that is different than the actual length.
      Memory leak in H.323 Gatekeeper Service in Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large amount of malformed H.323 data.
      Memory leak in the proxy service in Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 allows local attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion).
      Buffer overflow in dtmail in Solaris 2.6 and 7 allows local users to gain privileges via the MAIL environment variable.
      Symantec LiveUpdate 1.5 stores proxy passwords in cleartext in a registry key, which could allow local users to obtain the passwords.
      wu-ftpd 2.6.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a "~{" argument to commands such as CWD, which is not properly handled by the glob function (ftpglob).
      Buffer overflow in CDE Print Viewer (dtprintinfo) allows local users to execute arbitrary code by copying text from the clipboard into the Help window.
      ovactiond in HP OpenView Network Node Manager (NNM) 6.1 and Tivoli Netview 5.x and 6.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a certain SNMP trap message.
      SSH Secure Shell 3.0.0 on Unix systems does not properly perform password authentication to the sshd2 daemon, which allows local users to gain access to accounts with short password fields, such as locked accounts that use "NP" in the password field.
      Buffer overflow in BSD-based telnetd telnet daemon on various operating systems allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a set of options including AYT (Are You There), which is not properly handled by the telrcv function.
      ScreamingMedia SITEWare versions 2.5 through 3.1 allows a remote attacker to read world-readable files via a ..  (dot dot) attack through (1) the SITEWare Editor's Desktop or (2) the template parameter in SWEditServlet.
      The Nirvana Editor (NEdit) 5.1.1 and earlier allows a local attacker to overwrite other users' files via a symlink attack on (1) backup files or (2) temporary files used when nedit prints a file or portions of a file.
      T. Hauck Jana Webserver 1.46 and earlier allows a remote attacker to view arbitrary files via a '..' (dot dot) attack which is URL encoded (%2e%2e).
      T. Hauck Jana Webserver 2.01 beta 1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via a URL request which includes a MS-DOS device name (i.e. GET /aux HTTP/1.0).
      crontab in Vixie cron 3.0.1 and earlier does not properly drop privileges after the failed parsing of a modification operation, which could allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges when an editor is called to correct the error.
      Buffer overflow in Vixie cron 3.0.1-56 and earlier could allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a long username (> 20 characters).
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Drummond Miles A1Stats prior to 1.6 allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via a '..' (dot dot) attack in (1) a1disp2.cgi, (2) a1disp3.cgi, or (3) a1disp4.cgi.
      a1disp.cgi program in Drummond Miles A1Stats prior to 1.6 allows a remote attacker to execute commands via a specially crafted URL which includes shell metacharacters.
      ElectroSystems Engineering Inc. ElectroComm 2.0 and earlier allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via large (> 160000 character) strings sent to port 23.
      APC Web/SNMP Management Card prior to Firmware 310 only supports one telnet connection, which allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via repeated failed logon attempts which temporarily locks the card.
      Buffer overflow in mailx in Solaris 8 and earlier allows a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a long '-F' command line option.
      Cisco Catalyst 2900XL switch allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via an empty UDP packet sent to port 161 (SNMP) when SNMP  is disabled.
      Digital Creations Zope 2.3.2 and earlier allows a local attacker to gain additional privileges via the changing of ZClass permission mappings for objects and methods in the ZClass.
      Digital Creations Zope 2.3.1 b1 and earlier allows a local attacker (Zope user) with through-the-web scripting capabilities to alter ZClasses class attributes.
      Digital Creations Zope 2.3.1 b1 and earlier contains a problem in the method return values related to the classes (1) ObjectManager, (2) PropertyManager, and (3) PropertySheet.
      minicom 1.83.1 and earlier allows a local attacker to gain additional privileges via numerous format string attacks.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the web server for (1) Elron Internet Manager (IM) Message Inspector and (2) Anti-Virus before 3.0.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the requested URL.
      The SSH protocols 1 and 2 (aka SSH-2) as implemented in OpenSSH and other packages have various weaknesses which can allow a remote attacker to obtain the following information via sniffing: (1) password lengths or ranges of lengths, which simplifies brute force password guessing, (2) whether RSA or DSA authentication is being used, (3) the number of authorized_keys in RSA authentication, or (4) the lengths of shell commands.
      lsfs in AIX 4.x allows a local user to gain additional privileges by creating Trojan horse programs named (1) grep or (2) lslv in a certain directory that is under the user's control, which cause lsfs to access the programs in that directory.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in MP3Mystic prior to 1.04b3 allows a remote attacker to download arbitrary files via a '..' (dot dot) in the URL.
      Buffer overflow in lpshut in SCO OpenServer 5.0.6 can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a long first argument to lpshut.
      lpusers as included with SCO OpenServer 5.0 through 5.0.6 allows a  local attacker to gain additional privileges via a buffer overflow attack in the '-u' command line parameter.
      recon in SCO OpenServer 5.0 through 5.0.6 can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a buffer overflow attack in the first command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in lpforms in SCO OpenServer 5.0-5.0.6 can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a long first argument to the lpforms command.
      lpadmin in SCO OpenServer 5.0.6 can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a buffer overflow attack in the first argument to the command.
      Hughes Technologies Virtual DNS (VDNS) Server 1.0 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service by connecting to port 6070, sending some data, and closing the connection.
      Spytech Spynet Chat Server 6.5 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service (crash) via a large number of connections to port 6387.
      Ben Spink CrushFTP FTP Server 2.1.6 and earlier allows a local attacker to access arbitrary files via a '..' (dot dot) attack, or variations, in (1) GET, (2) CD, (3) NLST, (4) SIZE, (5) RETR.
      Alt-N Technologies MDaemon 3.5.4 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via the URL request of a MS-DOS device (such as GET /aux) to (1) the Worldclient service at port 3000, or (2) the Webconfig service at port 3001.
      IMAP server in Alt-N Technologies MDaemon 3.5.6 allows a local user to cause a denial of service (hang) via long (1) SELECT or (2) EXAMINE commands.
      Gordano NTMail 6.0.3c allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via a long (>= 255 characters) URL request to port 8000 or port 9000.
      TrendMicro ScanMail for Exchange 3.5 Evaluation allows a local attacker to recover the administrative credentials for ScanMail via a combination of unprotected registry keys and weakly encrypted passwords.
      deliver program in MMDF 2.43.3b in SCO OpenServer 5.0.6 can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a buffer overflow in the first argument to the command.
      sendmail 8.9.3, as included with the MMDF 2.43.3b package in SCO OpenServer 5.0.6, can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a buffer overflow in the first argument to the command.
      NetScreen ScreenOS prior to 2.5r6 on the NetScreen-10 and Netscreen-100 can allow a local attacker to bypass the DMZ 'denial' policy via specific traffic patterns.
      Apache Software Foundation Tomcat Servlet prior to 3.2.2 allows a remote attacker to read the source code to arbitrary 'jsp' files via a malformed URL request which does not end with an HTTP protocol specification (i.e. HTTP/1.0).
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Oracle JSP 1.0.x through 1.1.1 and Oracle 8.1.7 iAS Release 1.0.2 can allow a remote attacker to read or execute arbitrary .jsp files via a '..' (dot dot) attack.
      Watchguard Firebox II prior to 4.6 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service in the kernel via a large stream (>10,000) of malformed ICMP or TCP packets.
      Ananconda Partners Clipper 3.3 and earlier allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via a '..' (dot dot) attack in the template parameter.
      kcms_configure as included with Solaris 7 and 8 allows a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a buffer overflow in a command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in the kcsSUNWIOsolf.so library in Solaris 7 and 8 allows local attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the KCMS_PROFILES environment variable, e.g. as demonstrated using the kcms_configure program.
      Netscape Communicator before 4.77 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript via a GIF image whose comment contains the Javascript.
      Zetetic Secure Tool for Recalling Important Passwords (STRIP) 0.5 and earlier for the PalmOS allows a local attacker to recover passwords via a brute force attack.  This attack is made feasible by STRIP's use of SysRandom, which is seeded by TimeGetTicks, and an implementation flaw which vastly reduces the password 'search space'.
      Symantec Ghost 6.5 and earlier allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service by sending large (> 45Kb) amounts of data to the Ghost Configuration Server on port 1347, which triggers an error that is not properly handled.
      Sybase Adaptive Server Anywhere Database Engine 6.0.3.2747 and earlier as included with Symantec Ghost 6.5 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service by sending large (> 45Kb) amounts of data to port 2638.
      Lotus Domino R5 prior to 5.0.7 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via repeated URL requests with the same HTTP headers, such as (1) Accept, (2) Accept-Charset, (3) Accept-Encoding, (4) Accept-Language, and (5) Content-Type.
      Lotus Domino R5 prior to 5.0.7 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via HTTP requests containing certain combinations of UNICODE characters.
      Lotus Domino R5 prior to 5.0.7 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via repeated (>400) URL requests for DOS devices.
      Lotus Domino R5 prior to 5.0.7 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via repeatedly sending large (> 10Kb) amounts of data to the DIIOP - CORBA service on TCP port 63148.
      Lotus Domino R5 prior to 5.0.7 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via URL requests (>8Kb) containing a large number of '/' characters.
      Headlight Software MyGetright prior to 1.0b allows a remote attacker to upload and/or overwrite arbitrary files via a malicious .dld (skins-data) file which contains long strings of random data.
      Vulnerability in iPlanet Web Server 4.X in HP-UX 11.04 (VVOS) with VirtualVault A.04.00 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via the HTTPS service.
      asecure as included with HP-UX 10.01 through 11.00 can allow a local attacker to create a denial of service and gain additional privileges via unsafe permissions on the asecure program, a different vulnerability than CVE-2000-0083.
      HP architected interface facility (AIF) as includes with MPE/iX 5.5 through 6.5 running on a HP3000 allows an attacker to gain additional privileges and gain access to databases via the AIF - AIFCHANGELOGON program.
      Format string vulnerability in Infodrom cfingerd 1.4.3 and earlier allows a remote attacker to gain additional privileges via a malformed ident reply that is passed to the syslog function.
      kfm as included with KDE 1.x can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges via a symlink attack in the kfm cache directory in /tmp.
      Becky! 2.00.05 and earlier can allow a remote attacker to gain additional privileges via a buffer overflow attack on long messages without newline characters.
      McAfee Remote Desktop 3.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of packets to port 5045.
      Omnicron Technologies OmniHTTPD Professional 2.08 and earlier allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via a long POST URL request.
      Carello E-Commerce 1.2.1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to gain additional privileges and execute arbitrary commands via a specially constructed URL.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Faust Informatics Freestyle Chat server prior to 4.1 SR3 allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via a specially crafted URL which includes variations of a '..' (dot dot) attack such as '...' or '....'.
      Faust Informatics Freestyle Chat server prior to 4.1 SR3 allows a remote attacker to create a denial of service via a URL request which includes a MS-DOS device name (e.g., GET /aux HTTP/1.0).
      Allied Telesyn AT-AR220e cable/DSL router firmware 1.08a RC14 with the portmapper and the 'Virtual Server' enabled can allow a remote attacker to gain access to mapped services even though the single portmappings may be disabled.
      Orinoco RG-1000 wireless Residential Gateway uses the last 5 digits of the 'Network Name' or SSID as the default Wired Equivalent Privacy (WEP) encryption key.  Since the SSID occurs in the clear during communications, a remote attacker could determine the WEP key and decrypt RG-1000 traffic.
      The Lucent Closed Network protocol can allow remote attackers to join Closed Network networks which they do not have access to.  The 'Network Name' or SSID, which is used as a shared secret to join the network, is transmitted in the clear.
      iPlanet Calendar Server 5.0p2 and earlier allows a local attacker to gain access to the Netscape Admin Server (NAS) LDAP database and read arbitrary files by obtaining the cleartext administrator username and password from the configuration file, which has insecure permissions.
      The FTP server on Cisco Content Service 11000 series switches (CSS) before WebNS 4.01B23s and WebNS 4.10B13s allows an attacker who is an FTP user to read and write arbitrary files via GET or PUT commands.
      The web management service on Cisco Content Service series 11000 switches (CSS) before WebNS 4.01B29s or WebNS 4.10B17s allows a remote attacker to gain additional privileges by directly requesting the web management URL instead of navigating through the interface.
      sendfiled, as included with Simple Asynchronous File Transfer (SAFT), on various Linux systems does not properly drop privileges when sending notification emails, which allows local attackers to gain privileges.
      QNX 2.4 allows a local user to read arbitrary files by directly accessing the mount point for the FAT disk partition, e.g. /fs-dos.
      ftpdownload in Computer Associates InoculateIT 6.0 allows a local attacker to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on /tmp/ftpdownload.log .
      O'Reilly Website Professional 2.5.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the physical path to the root directory via a URL request containing a ":" character.
      vi as included with SCO OpenServer 5.0 - 5.0.6 allows a local attacker to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Microsoft Word 2000 does not check AutoRecovery (.asd) files for macros, which allows a local attacker to execute arbitrary macros with the user ID of the Word user.
      HP Event Correlation Service (ecsd) as included with OpenView Network Node  Manager 6.1 allows a remote attacker to gain addition privileges via a buffer overflow attack in the '-restore_config' command line parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in MIMAnet viewsrc.cgi 2.0 allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via a '..' (dot dot) attack in the 'loc' variable.
      Centrinity First Class Internet Services 5.50 allows for the circumventing of the default 'spam' filters via the presence of '<@>' in the 'From:' field, which allows remote attackers to send spoofed email with the identity of local users.
      Sun Chili!Soft 3.5.2 on Linux and 3.6 on AIX creates a default admin username and password in the default installation, which can allow a remote attacker to gain additional privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Sun Chili!Soft ASP on multiple Unixes allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files above the web root via a '..' (dot dot) attack in the sample script 'codebrws.asp'.
      Sun Chili!Soft ASP has weak permissions on various configuration files, which allows a local attacker to gain additional privileges and create a denial of service.
      Red Hat Linux 7.1 sets insecure permissions on swap files created during installation, which can allow a local attacker to gain additional privileges by reading sensitive information from the swap file, such as passwords.
      Buffer overflows in Raytheon SilentRunner allow remote attackers to (1) cause a denial of service in the collector (cle.exe) component of SilentRunner 2.0 via traffic containing long passwords, or (2) execute arbitrary commands via long HTTP queries in the Knowledge Browser component in SilentRunner 2.0 and 2.0.1.  NOTE: It is highly likely that this candidate will be split into multiple candidates.
      Buffer overflow in man program in various distributions of Linux allows local user to execute arbitrary code as group man via a long -S option.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in IncrediMail version 1400185 and earlier allows local users to overwrite files on the local hard drive by appending .. (dot dot) sequences to filenames listed in the content.ini file.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 does not display the Class ID (CLSID) when it is at the end of the file name, which could allow attackers to trick the user into executing dangerous programs by making it appear that the document is of a safe file type.
      Maxum Rumpus FTP Server 1.3.3 and 2.0.3 dev 3 stores passwords in plaintext in the "Rumpus User Database" file in the prefs folder, which could allow attackers to gain privileges on the server.
      Symantec/AXENT NetProwler 3.5.x contains several default passwords, which could allow remote attackers to (1) access to the management tier via the "admin" password, or (2) connect to a MySQL ODBC from the management tier using a blank password.
      Maxum Rumpus FTP Server 1.3.3 and 2.0.3 dev 3 allows a remote attacker to perform a denial of service (hang) by creating a directory name of a specific length.
      Orange Web Server 2.1, based on GoAhead, allows a remote attacker to perform a denial of service via an HTTP GET request that does not include the HTTP version.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in PHProjekt 2.1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to conduct unauthorized activities via a dot dot (..) attack on the file module.
      Personal Web Sharing 1.5.5 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP request.
      Cisco devices IOS 12.0 and earlier allow a remote attacker to cause a crash, or bad route updates, via malformed BGP updates with unrecognized transitive attribute.
      Heap overflow in xlock in Solaris 2.6 through 8 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long (1) XFILESEARCHPATH or (2) XUSERFILESEARCHPATH environmental variable.
      Sendmail 8.10.0 through 8.11.5, and 8.12.0 beta, allows local users to modify process memory and possibly gain privileges via a large value in the 'category' part of debugger (-d) command line arguments, which is interpreted as a negative number.
      Cross-site scripting (CSS) vulnerability in Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause other clients to execute certain script or read cookies via malicious script in an invalid URL that is not properly quoted in an error message.
      Buffer overflow in IrDA driver providing infrared data exchange on Windows 2000 allows attackers who are physically close to the machine to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a malformed IrDA packet.
      Outlook Web Access (OWA) in Microsoft Exchange 5.5, SP4 and earlier, allows remote attackers to identify valid user email addresses by directly accessing a back-end function that processes the global address list (GAL).
      RPC endpoint mapper in Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (loss of RPC services) via a malformed request.
      Terminal Server in Windows NT and Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a sequence of invalid Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) packets.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 5.01 allows remote attackers to bypass security restrictions via malformed URLs that contain dotless IP addresses, which causes Internet Explorer to process the page in the Intranet Zone, which may have fewer security restrictions, aka the "Zone Spoofing vulnerability."
      Internet Explorer 6 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause certain HTTP requests to be automatically executed and appear to come from the user, which could allow attackers to gain privileges or execute operations within web-based services, aka the "HTTP Request Encoding vulnerability."
      Outlook Web Access (OWA) in Microsoft Exchange 2000 allows an authenticated user to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a malformed OWA request for a deeply nested folder within the user's mailbox.
      Internet Explorer 6 and earlier, when used with the Telnet client in Services for Unix (SFU) 2.0, allows remote attackers to execute commands by spawning Telnet with a log file option on the command line and writing arbitrary code into an executable file which is later executed, aka a new variant of the Telnet Invocation vulnerability as described in CVE-2001-0150.
      Buffer overflow in line printer daemon (rlpdaemon) in HP-UX 10.01 through 11.11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Various Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) including (1) Cisco Secure Intrusion Detection System, (2) Cisco Catalyst 6000 Intrusion Detection System Module, (3) Dragon Sensor 4.x, (4) Snort before 1.8.1, (5) ISS RealSecure Network Sensor 5.x and 6.x before XPU 3.2, and (6) ISS RealSecure Server Sensor 5.5 and 6.0 for Windows, allow remote attackers to evade detection of HTTP attacks via non-standard "%u" Unicode encoding of ASCII characters in the requested URL.
      Buffer overflow in BSD line printer daemon (in.lpd or lpd) in various BSD-based operating systems allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an incomplete print job followed by a request to display the printer queue.
      Buffer overflows in (1) send_status, (2) kill_print, and (3) chk_fhost in lpd in AIX 4.3 and 5.1 allow remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in RobTex Viking Web server before 1.07-381 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a hexadecimal encoded dot-dot attack (eg. http://www.server.com/%2e%2e/%2e%2e) in an HTTP URL request.
      Rit Research Labs The Bat! 1.51 for Windows allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending an email to a user's account containing a carriage return <CR> that is not followed by a line feed <LF>.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Rit Research Labs The Bat! 1.48f and earlier allows a remote attacker to create arbitrary files via a "dot dot" attack in the filename for an attachment.
      Eudora 5.0.2 allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via an email with the path of the target file in the "Attachment Converted" MIME header, which sends the file when the email is forwarded to the attacker by the user.
      A buffer overflow in reggo.dll file used by Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall prior to 3.51 build 1349 for Windows NT 3.5 and InterScan WebManager 1.2 allows a local attacker to execute arbitrary code.
      A buffer overflow in InterScan VirusWall 3.23 and 3.3 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code by sending a long HELO command to the server.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ftpd in QPC QVT/Net 4.0 and AVT/Term 5.0 allows a remote attacker to traverse directories on the web server via a "dot dot" attack in a LIST (ls) command.
      Buffer overflow in ftpd in QPC QVT/Net 5.0 and QVT/Term 5.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a long (1) username or (2) password.
      ZoneAlarm and ZoneAlarm Pro allows a local attacker to cause a denial of service by running a trojan to initialize a ZoneAlarm mutex object which prevents ZoneAlarm from starting.
      Memory leak in Netscape Collabra Server 3.5.4 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) by repeatedly sending approximately 5K of data to TCP port 5238.
      Netscape Collabra Server 3.5.4 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending seven or more characters to TCP port 5239.
      Thibault Godouet FCron prior to 1.1.1 allows a local user to corrupt another user's crontab file via a symlink attack on the fcrontab temporary file.
      Buffer overflow in mail included with SunOS 5.8 for x86 allows a local user to gain privileges via a long HOME environment variable.
      Broker FTP server 5.9.5 for Windows NT and 9x allows a remote attacker to retrieve privileged web server system information by (1) issuing a CD command (CD C:) followed by the LS command, (2) specifying arbitrary paths in the UNC format (\\computername\sharename).
      Broker FTP Server 5.9.5.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by repeatedly issuing an invalid CD or CWD ("CD . .") command.
      Vulnerability in TrendMicro Virus Control System 1.8 allows a remote attacker to view configuration files and change the configuration via a certain CGI program.
      Format string vulnerability in exim (3.22-10 in Red Hat, 3.12 in Debian and 3.16 in Conectiva) in batched SMTP mode allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via format strings in SMTP mail headers.
      Buffer overflows in Washington University imapd 2000a through 2000c could allow local users without shell access to execute code as themselves in certain configurations.
      SMTP proxy in WatchGuard Firebox (2500 and 4500) 4.5 and 4.6 allows a remote attacker to bypass firewall filtering via a base64 MIME encoded email attachment whose boundary name ends in two dashes.
      WebTrends HTTP Server 3.1c and 3.5 allows a remote attacker to view script source code via a filename followed by an encoded space (%20).
      Directory traversal vulnerability in WFTPD 3.00 R5 allows a remote attacker to view arbitrary files via a dot dot attack in the CD command.
      WFTPD 3.00 R5 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by making repeated requests to cd to the floppy drive (A:\).
      NetWin SurgeFTP 2.0a and 1.0b allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a CD command to a directory with an MS-DOS device name such as con.
      NetWin SurgeFTP prior to 1.1h allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via an 'ls ..' command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in NetWin SurgeFTP 2.0a and 1.0b allows a remote attacker to list arbitrary files and directories via the 'nlist ...' command.
      Buffer overflow in cb_reset in the System Service Processor (SSP) package of SunOS 5.8 allows a local user to execute arbitrary code via a long argument.
      Buffer overflow in w3m 0.2.1 and earlier allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a long base64 encoded MIME header.
      Buffer overflow in ptexec in the Sun Validation Test Suite 4.3 and earlier allows a local user to gain privileges via a long -o argument.
      Cerberus FTP 1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long (1) username, (2) password, or (3) PASV command.
      tradecli.dll in Arcadia Internet Store 1.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a URL request with an MS-DOS device name in the template parameter.
      tradecli.dll in Arcadia Internet Store 1.0 allows a remote attacker to discover the full path to the working directory via a URL with a template argument for a file that does not exist.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in tradecli.dll in Arcadia Internet Store 1.0 allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files on the web server via a URL with "dot dot" sequences in the template argument.
      Maximum Rumpus FTP Server 2.0.3 dev and before allows an attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a mkdir command that specifies a large number of sub-folders.
      Denicomp RSHD 2.18 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long string to port 514.
      Denicomp REXECD 1.05 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long string.
      Microsoft IIS 4.0 and before, when installed on a FAT partition, allows a remote attacker to obtain source code of ASP files via a URL encoded with Unicode.
      NetBSD 1.5 and earlier and FreeBSD 4.3 and earlier allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service by sending a large number of IP fragments to the machine, exhausting the mbuf pool.
      Cisco IOS 11.x and 12.0 with ATM support allows attackers to cause a denial of service via the undocumented Interim Local Management Interface (ILMI) SNMP community string.
      The rendering engine in Internet Explorer determines the MIME type independently of the type that is specified by the server, which allows remote servers to automatically execute script which is placed in a file whose MIME type does not normally support scripting, such as text (.txt), JPEG (.jpg), etc.
      Sendmail before 8.12.1 does not properly drop privileges when the -C option is used to load custom configuration files, which allows local users to gain privileges via malformed arguments in the configuration file whose names contain characters with the high bit set, such as (1) macro names that are one character long, (2) a variable setting which is processed by the setoption function, or (3) a Modifiers setting which is processed by the getmodifiers function.
      Sendmail before 8.12.1, without the RestrictQueueRun option enabled, allows local users to cause a denial of service (data loss) by (1) setting a high initial message hop count option (-h), which causes Sendmail to drop queue entries, (2) via the -qR option, or (3) via the -qS option.
      Sendmail before 8.12.1, without the RestrictQueueRun option enabled, allows local users to obtain potentially sensitive information about the mail queue by setting debugging flags to enable debug mode.
      Citrix MetaFrame 1.8 Server with Service Pack 3, and XP Server Service Pack 1 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of incomplete connections to the server.
      Format string vulnerability in ToolTalk database server rpc.ttdbserverd allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via format string specifiers that are passed to the syslog function.
      Vulnerability in (1) Microsoft Excel 2002 and earlier and (2) Microsoft PowerPoint 2002 and earlier allows attackers to bypass macro restrictions and execute arbitrary commands by modifying the data stream in the document.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Windows Media Player 6.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a malformed Advanced Streaming Format (ASF) file.
      Internet Explorer 5.1 for Macintosh on Mac OS X allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by causing a BinHex or MacBinary file type to be downloaded, which causes the files to be executed if automatic decoding is enabled.
      Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) in Windows 98, 98SE, ME, and XP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption or crash) via a malformed UPnP request.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to read and modify user cookies via Javascript in an about: URL, aka the "First Cookie Handling Vulnerability."
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to read and modify user cookies via Javascript, aka the "Second Cookie Handling Vulnerability."
      Internet Explorer 5.5 allows remote attackers to bypass security restrictions via malformed URLs that contain dotless IP addresses, which causes Internet Explorer to process the page in the Intranet Zone, which may have fewer security restrictions, aka the "Zone Spoofing Vulnerability variant" of CVE-2001-0664.
      Outlook Web Access (OWA) in Microsoft Exchange 5.5 Server, when used with Internet Explorer, does not properly detect certain inline script, which can allow remote attackers to perform arbitrary actions on a user's Exchange mailbox via an HTML e-mail message.
      Internet Explorer 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by modifying the Content-Disposition and Content-Type header fields in a way that causes Internet Explorer to believe that the file is safe to open without prompting the user, aka the "File Execution Vulnerability."
      Buffer overflow in Compaq Management Agents before 5.2, included in Compaq Web-enabled Management Software, allows local users to gain privileges.
      Apache 1.3.20 on Windows servers allows remote attackers to bypass the default index page and list directory contents via a URL with a large number of / (slash) characters.
      split-logfile in Apache 1.3.20 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files that end in the .log extension via an HTTP request with a / (slash) in the Host: header.
      Apache 1.3.20 with Multiviews enabled allows remote attackers to view directory contents and bypass the index page via a URL containing the "M=D" query string.
      The #sinclude directive in Embedded Perl (ePerl) 2.2.14 and earlier allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code by modifying the 'sinclude' file to point to another file that contains a #include directive that references a file that contains the code.
      Hitachi Super-H architecture in NetBSD 1.5 and 1.4.1 allows a local user to gain privileges via modified Status Register contents, which are not properly handled by (1) the sigreturn system call or (2) the process_write_regs kernel routine.
      Buffer overflow in cfingerd 1.4.3 and earlier with the ALLOW_LINE_PARSING option enabled allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long line in the .nofinger file.
      Vulnerability in (1) pine before 4.33 and (2) the pico editor, included with pine, allows local users local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      A long 'synch' delay in Logitech wireless mice and keyboard receivers allows a remote attacker to hijack connections via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      LogLine function in klogd in sysklogd 1.3 in various Linux distributions allows an attacker to cause a denial of service (hang) by causing null bytes to be placed in log messages.
      Guardian Digital WebTool in EnGarde Secure Linux 1.0.1 allows restarted services to inherit some environmental variables, which could allow local users to gain root privileges.
      3COM OfficeConnect 812 and 840 ADSL Router 4.2, running OCR812 router software 1.1.9 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long string containing a large number of "%s" strings, possibly triggering a format string vulnerability.
      Cisco Hot Standby Routing Protocol (HSRP) allows local attackers to cause a denial of service by spoofing HSRP packets.
      Buffer overflow in Computalynx CMail POP3 mail server 2.4.9 allows remote attackers to run arbitrary code via a long HELO command.
      Paging function in O'Reilly WebBoard Pager 4.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a message with an escaped ' character followed by JavaScript commands.
      Horde IMP 2.2.4 and earlier allows local users to overwrite files via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      Netscape 4.7x allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as the user's login, mailbox location and installation path via Javascript that accesses the mailbox: URL in the document.referrer property.
      Buffer overflow in Web Publisher in iPlanet Web Server Enterprise Edition 4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a request for a long URI with (1) GETPROPERTIES, (2) GETATTRIBUTENAMES, or other methods.
      Buffer overflow in iPlanet Web Server (iWS) Enterprise Edition 4.1, service packs 3 through 7, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long method name in an HTTP request.
      Acme.Serve 1.7, as used in Cisco Secure ACS Unix and possibly other products, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by prepending several / (slash) characters to the URI.
      Beck IPC GmbH IPC@CHIP Embedded-Webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a webserver root directory set to system root.
      Cisco IOS 12.1(2)T, 12.1(3)T allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reload) via a connection to TCP ports 3100-3999, 5100-5999, 7100-7999 and 10100-10999.
      Cisco switches and routers running CBOS 2.3.8 and earlier use predictable TCP Initial Sequence Numbers (ISN), which allows remote attackers to spoof or hijack TCP connections.
      Cisco CBOS 2.3.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an ICMP ECHO REQUEST (ping) with the IP Record Route option set.
      Cisco CBOS 2.3.8 and earlier stores the passwords for (1) exec and (2) enable in cleartext in the NVRAM and a configuration file, which could allow unauthorized users to obtain the passwords and gain privileges.
      Cisco CBOS 2.3.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of large ICMP ECHO REPLY (ping) packets, which cause it to enter ROMMON mode and stop forwarding packets.
      Buffer overflow in ftp daemon (ftpd) 6.2 in Debian GNU/Linux allows attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long SITE command.
      CatalogMgr.pl in VirtualCatalog (incorrectly claimed to be in VirtualCart) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the template parameter.
      Cisco 6400 Access Concentrator Node Route Processor 2 (NRP2) 12.1DC card does not properly disable access when a password has not been set for vtys, which allows remote attackers to obtain access via telnet.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Shambala 4.5 allows remote attackers to escape the FTP root directory via "CWD ..."  command.
      Buffer overflow in bctool in Jetico BestCrypt 0.8.1 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a file or directory with a long pathname, which is processed during an unmount.
      Citrix Nfuse 1.51 allows remote attackers to obtain the absolute path of the web root via a malformed request to launch.asp that does not provide the session field.
      Buffer overflow in HttpSave.dll in Trend Micro InterScan WebManager 1.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long value to a certain parameter.
      Buffer overflow in su-wrapper 1.1.1 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long first argument.
      Buffer overflow in Linux xinetd 2.1.8.9pre11-1 and earlier may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long ident response, which is not properly handled by the svc_logprint function.
      Buffer overflow in ntping in scotty 2.1.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long hostname as a command line argument.
      BisonFTP V4R1 allows local users to access directories outside of their home directory by uploading .bdl files, which can then be linked to other directories.
      Apache on MacOS X Client 10.0.3 with the HFS+ file system allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions via a URL that contains some characters whose case is not matched by Apache's filters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in GuildFTPd 0.9.7 allows attackers to list or read arbitrary files and directories via a .. in (1) LS or (2) GET.
      GuildFTPd 0.9.7 stores user names and passwords in plaintext in the default.usr file, which allows local users to gain privileges as other FTP users by reading the file.
      Memory leak in GuildFTPd Server 0.97 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a request containing a null character.
      Buffer overflow in GuildFTPd Server 0.97 allows remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via a long SITE command.
      Spytech SpyAnywhere 1.50 allows remote attackers to gain administrator access via a single character in the "loginpass" field.
      Buffer overflows and other vulnerabilities in multiple Common Desktop Environment (CDE) modules in HP-UX 10.10 through 11.11 allow attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly gain additional privileges.
      Cayman 3220-H DSL Router 1.0 allows remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a series of SYN or TCP connect requests.
      Tripwire 1.3.1, 2.2.1 and 2.3.0 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and possible gain privileges via a symbolic link attack on temporary files.
      Buffer overflow in xloadimage 4.1 (aka xli 1.16 and 1.17) in Linux allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a FACES format image containing a long (1) Firstname or (2) Lastname field.
      Buffer overflow in DynFX MailServer version 2.10 allows remote attackers to conduct a denial of service via a long username to the POP3 service.
      Omnicron OmniHTTPd 2.0.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via a series of requests for PHP scripts.
      OmniHTTPd 2.0.8 and earlier allow remote attackers to obtain source code via a GET request with the URL-encoded symbol for a space (%20).
      Buffer overflow in rpc.yppasswdd (yppasswd server) in Solaris 2.6, 7 and 8 allows remote attackers to gain root access via a long username.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in cosmicpro.cgi in Cosmicperl Directory Pro 2.0 allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information via a .. (dot dot) in the SHOW parameter.
      Buffer overflow in SpoonFTP 1.0.0.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to the commands (1) CWD or (2) LIST.
      SpoonFTP v1.0.0.13 fixes problem.
      KDE ktvision 0.1.1-271 and earlier allows local attackers to gain root privileges via a symlink attack on a user configuration file.
      Cisco TFTP server 1.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ..(dot dot) attack in the GET command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Icecast 1.3.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a modified .. (dot dot)  attack using encoded URL characters.
      Directory traversal in Webpaging interface in Internet Software Solutions Air Messenger LAN Server (AMLServer) 3.4.2 allows allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Internet Software Solutions Air Messenger LAN Server (AMLServer) 3.4.2 stores user passwords in plaintext in the pUser.Dat file.
      LPRng in Red Hat Linux 7.0 and 7.1 does not properly drop memberships in supplemental groups when lowering privileges, which could allow a local user to elevate privileges.
      Internet Software Solutions Air Messenger LAN Server (AMLServer) 3.4.2 allows remote attackers to obtain an absolute path for the server directory by viewing the Location header.
      Format string vulnerability in avpkeeper in Kaspersky KAV 3.5.135.2 for Sendmail allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via a malformed mail message.
      <a href="http://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/134.html">CWE-134: Use of Externally-Controlled Format String</a>
      Specter IDS version 4.5 and 5.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (CPU exhaustion) via a port scan, which causes the server to consume CPU while preparing alerts.
      Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall for Windows NT allows remote attackers to make configuration changes by directly calling certain CGI programs, which do not restrict access.
      Format string vulnerability in XChat 1.2.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a malformed nickname.
      Buffer overflow in A-FTP Anonymous FTP Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long USER command.
      Perception LiteServe 1.25 allows remote attackers to obtain source code of CGI scripts via URLs that contain MS-DOS conventions such as (1) upper case letters or (2) 8.3 file names.
      SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.12f and possibly earlier versions, and FreeBSD 3.0, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed IGMP multicast packet with a small response delay.
      Buffer overflow in login in various System V based operating systems allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a large number of arguments through services such as telnet and rlogin.
      Buffer overflows in lpsched in IRIX 6.5.13f and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long argument.
      lpsched in IRIX 6.5.13f and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      lpstat in IRIX 6.5.13f and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges by specifying a Trojan Horse nettype shared library.
      Buffer overflow in the client connection routine of libDtSvc.so.1 in CDE Subprocess Control Service (dtspcd) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in story.pl in Interactive Story 1.3 allows a remote attacker to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the "next" parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ttawebtop.cgi in Tarantella Enterprise 3.00 and 3.01 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the pg parameter.
      Apple MacOS X 10.0 and 10.1 allow a local user to read and write to a user's desktop folder via insecure default permissions for the Desktop when it is created in some languages.
      Internet Explorer 5.0, and possibly other versions, may allow remote attackers (malicious web pages) to read known text files from a client's hard drive via a SCRIPT tag with a SRC value that points to the text file.
      gnatsweb.pl in GNATS GnatsWeb 2.7 through 3.95 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via certain characters in the help_file parameter.
      Vulnerability in CIFS/9000 Server (SAMBA) A.01.06 and earlier in HP-UX 11.0 and 11.11, when configured as a print server, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files by modifying certain resources.
      Buffer overflow in PerlIS.dll in Activestate ActivePerl 5.6.1.629 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an HTTP request for a long filename that ends in a .pl extension.
      OpenSSH before 2.9.9, when running sftp using sftp-server and using restricted keypairs, allows remote authenticated users to bypass authorized_keys2 command= restrictions using sftp commands.
      Vulnerability in HP-UX line printer daemon (rlpdaemon) in HP-UX 10.01 through 11.11 allows remote attackers to modify arbitrary files and gain root privileges via a certain print request.
      A buffer overflow the '\s' console command in MDBMS 0.99b9 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by sending the command a large amount of data.
      A buffer overflow in Linux fetchmail before 5.8.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a large 'To:' field in an email header.
      Buffer overflows in GazTek ghttpd 1.4 allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code via long arguments that are passed to (1) the Log function in util.c, or (2) serveconnection in protocol.c.
      The default configuration of DCShop 1.002 beta places sensitive files in the cgi-bin directory, which could allow remote attackers to read sensitive data via an HTTP GET request for (1) orders.txt or (2) auth_user_file.txt.
      FPF kernel module 1.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via fragmented packets.
      The pmpost program in Performance Co-Pilot (PCP) before 2.2.1-3 allows a local user to gain privileges via a symlink attack on the NOTICES file in the PCP log directory (PCP_LOG_DIR).
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in IBM WebSphere 3.02 and 3.5 FP2 allows remote attackers to execute Javascript by inserting the Javascript into (1) a request for a .JSP file, or (2) a request to the webapp/examples/ directory, which inserts the Javascript into an error page.
      Buffer overflow in internal string handling routines of xinetd before 2.1.8.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a length argument of zero or less, which disables the length check.
      Buffer overflows in CesarFTPD 0.98b allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via long arguments to (1) HELP, (2) USER, (3) PASS, (4) PORT, (5) DELE, (6) REST, (7) RMD, or (8) MKD.
      Cerberus FTP server 1.0 - 1.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of "PASV" requests.
      A cross-site scripting vulnerability in Caucho Technology Resin before 1.2.4 allows a malicious webmaster to embed Javascript in a hyperlink that ends in a .jsp extension, which causes an error message that does not properly quote the Javascript.
      A cross-site scripting vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 3.2.1 allows a malicious webmaster to embed Javascript in a request for a .JSP file, which causes the Javascript to be inserted into an error message.
      6tunnel 0.08 and earlier does not properly close sockets that were initiated by a client, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) by repeatedly connecting to and disconnecting from the server.
      Unknown vulnerability in Oracle Label Security in Oracle 8.1.7 and 9.0.1, when audit functionality, SET_LABEL, or SQL*Predicate is being used, allows local users to gain additional access.
      Vulnerability in Oracle 8.0.x through 9.0.1 on Unix allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files, possibly via a symlink attack or incorrect file permissions in (1) the ORACLE_HOME/rdbms/log directory or (2) an alternate directory as specified in the ORACLE_HOME environmental variable, aka the "Oracle File Overwrite Security Vulnerability."
      Buffer overflow in otrcrep in Oracle 8.0.x through 9.0.1 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long ORACLE_HOME environment variable, aka the "Oracle Trace Collection Security Vulnerability."
      htsearch CGI program in htdig (ht://Dig) 3.1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to use the -c option to specify an alternate configuration file, which could be used to (1) cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by specifying a large file such as /dev/zero, or (2) read arbitrary files by uploading an alternate configuration file that specifies the target file.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Webalizer 2.01-06, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML tags by specifying them in (1) search keywords embedded in HTTP referrer information, or (2) host names that are retrieved via a reverse DNS lookup.
      Buffer overflow in Oracle9iAS Web Cache 2.0.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      DeltaThree Pc-To-Phone 3.0.3 places sensitive data in world-readable locations in the installation directory, which allows local users to read the information in (1) temp.html, (2) the log folder, and (3) the PhoneBook folder.
      Format string vulnerability in Network Solutions Rwhoisd 1.5.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in the -soa command.
      ibillpm.pl in iBill password management system generates weak passwords based on a client's MASTER_ACCOUNT, which allows remote attackers to modify account information in the .htpasswd file via brute force password guessing.
      Buffer overflow in Compaq Insight Manager XE 2.1b and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) SNMP and (2) DMI.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Search.cgi in Ikonboard ib219 and earlier allows remote attackers to overwrite files and gain privileges via .. (dot dot) sequences in the amembernamecookie cookie.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Search.cgi in Leoboard LB5000 LB5000II 1029 and earlier allows remote attackers to overwrite files and gain privileges via .. (dot dot) sequences in the amembernamecookie cookie.
      Squid proxy server 2.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a mkdir-only FTP PUT request.
      Vulnerability in (1) Book of guests and (2) Post it! allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in the email parameter.
      Vulnerability in DECwindows Motif Server on OpenVMS VAX or Alpha 6.2 through 7.3, and SEVMS VAX or Alpha 6.2, allows local users to gain access to unauthorized resources.
      Lotus Domino 5.x allows remote attackers to read files or execute arbitrary code by requesting the ReplicaID of the Web Administrator template file (webadmin.ntf).
      Lotus Domino Web Server 5.x allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information by accessing the default navigator $defaultNav via (1) URL encoding the request, or (2) directly requesting the ReplicaID.
      join.cfm in e-Zone Media Fuse Talk allows a local user to execute arbitrary SQL code via a semi-colon (;) in a form variable.
      viralator CGI script in Viralator 0.9pre1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a URL for a file being downloaded, which is insecurely passed to a call to wget.
      A configuration error in the libdb1 package in OpenLinux 3.1 uses insecure versions of the snprintf and vsnprintf functions, which could allow local or remote users to exploit those functions with a buffer overflow.
      Linux kernel 2.0, 2.2 and 2.4 with syncookies enabled allows remote attackers to bypass firewall rules by brute force guessing the cookie.
      TUX HTTP server 2.1.0-2 in Red Hat Linux allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long Host: header.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Entrust GetAccess allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the locale parameter to (1) helpwin.gas.bat or (2) AboutBox.gas.bat.
      PHP-Nuke 5.2 allows remote attackers to copy and delete arbitrary files by calling case.filemanager.php with admin.php as an argument, which sets the $PHP_SELF variable and makes it appear that case.filemanager.php is being called by admin.php instead of the user.
      Buffer overflow in db_loader in ClearCase 4.2 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via a long TERM environment variable.
      Common Cryptographic Architecture (CCA) in IBM 4758 allows an attacker with physical access to the system and Combine_Key_Parts permissions, to steal DES and 3DES keys by using a brute force attack to create a 3DES exporter key.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in status.php3 in Imp Webmail 2.2.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain access to the e-mail of other users by hijacking session cookies via the message parameter.
      Buffer overflow in pppattach and other linked PPP utilities in Caldera Open Unix 8.0 and UnixWare 7.1.0 and 7.1.1 allows local users to gain privileges.
      2.4.3-12 kernel in Red Hat Linux 7.1 Korean installation program sets the setting default umask for init to 000, which installs files with world-writeable permissions.
      Terminal Services Manager MMC in Windows 2000 and XP trusts the Client Address (IP address) that is provided by the client instead of obtaining it from the packet headers, which allows clients to spoof their public IP address, e.g. through a Network Address Translation (NAT).
      Cisco 12000 with IOS 12.0 and line cards based on Engine 2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by flooding the router with traffic that generates a large number of ICMP Unreachable replies.
      Cisco 12000 with IOS 12.0 and line cards based on Engine 2 does not block non-initial packet fragments, which allows remote attackers to bypass the ACL.
      Cisco 12000 with IOS 12.0 and line cards based on Engine 2 does not handle the "fragment" keyword in a compiled ACL (Turbo ACL) for packets that are sent to the router, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of fragments.
      Cisco 12000 with IOS 12.0 and line cards based on Engine 2 does not properly handle the implicit "deny ip any any" rule in an outgoing ACL when the ACL contains exactly 448 entries, which can allow some outgoing packets to bypass access restrictions.
      Cisco 12000 with IOS 12.0 and line cards based on Engine 2 does not support the "fragment" keyword in an outgoing ACL, which could allow fragmented packets in violation of the intended access.
      Cisco 12000 with IOS 12.0 and lines card based on Engine 2 does not properly handle an outbound ACL when an input ACL is not configured on all the interfaces of a multi port line card, which could allow remote attackers to bypass the intended access controls.
      Cisco 12000 with IOS 12.0 and line cards based on Engine 2 does not properly filter does not properly filter packet fragments even when the "fragment" keyword is used in an ACL, which allows remote attackers to bypass the intended access controls.
      Red Hat Stronghold 2.3 to 3.0 allows remote attackers to retrieve system information via an HTTP GET request to (1) stronghold-info or (2) stronghold-status.
      Format string vulnerability in the default logging callback function _sasl_syslog in common.c in Cyrus SASL library (cyrus-sasl) may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      HTTP server in Alchemy Eye and Alchemy Network Monitor 1.9x through 2.6.18 is enabled without authentication by default, which allows remote attackers to obtain network monitoring logs with potentially sensitive information by directly requesting the eye.ini file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in HTTP server for Alchemy Eye and Alchemy Network Monitor allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an HTTP request containing (1) a .. in versions 2.0 through 2.6.18, or (2) a DOS device name followed by a .. in versions 2.6.19 through 3.0.10.
      OpenSSH 3.0.1 and earlier with UseLogin enabled does not properly cleanse critical environment variables such as LD_PRELOAD, which allows local users to gain root privileges.
      uuxqt in Taylor UUCP package does not properly remove dangerous long options, which allows local users to gain privileges by calling uux and specifying an alternate configuration file with the --config option.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allow remote attackers to read certain files via HTML that passes information from a frame in the client's domain to a frame in the web site's domain, a variant of the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause the File Download dialogue box to misrepresent the name of the file in the dialogue in a way that could fool users into thinking that the file type is safe to download.
      Buffer overflow in Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) on Windows 98, 98SE, ME, and XP allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a NOTIFY directive with a long Location URL.
      Universal Plug and Play (UPnP) on Windows 98, 98SE, ME, and XP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via (1) a spoofed SSDP advertisement that causes the client to connect to a service on another machine that generates a large amount of traffic (e.g., chargen), or (2) via a spoofed SSDP announcement to broadcast or multicast addresses, which could cause all UPnP clients to send traffic to a single target system.
      Format string vulnerability in the C runtime functions in SQL Server 7.0 and 2000 allows attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Mailman email archiver before 2.08 allows attackers to obtain sensitive information or authentication credentials via a malicious link that is accessed by other web users.
      Buffer overflow in glob function of glibc allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a glob pattern that ends in a brace "{" character.
      xSANE 0.81 and earlier allows local users to modify files of other xSANE users via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Atmel Firmware 1.3 Wireless Access Point (WAP) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a SNMP request with (1) a community string other than "public" or (2) an unknown OID, which causes the WAP to deny subsequent SNMP requests.
      Exim 3.22 and earlier, in some configurations, does not properly verify the local part of an address when redirecting the address to a pipe, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Certain backend drivers in the SANE library 1.0.3 and earlier, as used in frontend software such as XSane, allows local users to modify files via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Format string vulnerability in NQS daemon (nqsdaemon) in NQE 3.3.0.16 for CRAY UNICOS and SGI IRIX allows a local user to gain root privileges by using qsub to submit a batch job whose name contains formatting characters.
      Acme Thttpd Secure Webserver before 2.22, with the chroot option enabled, allows remote attackers to view sensitive files under the document root (such as .htpasswd) via a GET request with a trailing /.
      Acme mini_httpd before 1.16 allows remote attackers to view sensitive files under the document root (such as .htpasswd) via a GET request with a trailing /.
      Vulnerability in Postfix SMTP server before 20010228-pl07, when configured to email the postmaster when SMTP errors cause the session to terminate, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) by generating a large number of SMTP errors, which forces the SMTP session log to grow too large.
      Multiple Cisco networking products allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service on the local network via a series of ARP packets sent to the router's interface that contains a different MAC address for the router, which eventually causes the router to overwrite the MAC address in its ARP table.
      Inetd in OpenServer 5.0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a port scan, e.g. with nmap -PO.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Infopop Ultimate Bulletin Board (UBB) before 5.47e allows remote attackers to steal user cookies via an [IMG] tag that references an about: URL with an onerror field.
      Opera 6.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to access sensitive information such as cookies and links for other domains via Javascript that uses setTimeout to (1) access data after a new window to the domain has been opened or (2) access data via about:cache.
      Network Tools 0.2 for PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to execute commands on the server via shell metacharacters in the $hostinput variable.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in modules.php in Gallery before 1.2.3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the include parameter.
      Hypermail allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands on a server supporting SSI via an attachment with a .shtml extension, which is archived on the server and can then be executed by requesting the URL for the attachment.
      Microsoft IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to spoof web log entries via an HTTP request that includes hex-encoded newline or form-feed characters.
      Linear key exchange process in High-bandwidth Digital Content Protection (HDCP) System allows remote attackers to access data as plaintext, avoid device blacklists, clone devices, and create new device keyvectors by computing and using alternate key combinations for authentication.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6 with the Q312461 (MS01-055) patch modifies the HTTP_USER_AGENT (UserAgent) information that indicates that the patch has been installed, which could allow remote malicious web sites to more easily identify and exploit vulnerable clients.
      Race condition in signal handling of procmail 3.20 and earlier, when running setuid, allows local users to cause a denial of service or gain root privileges by sending a signal while a signal handling routine is already running.
      teTeX filter before 1.0.7 allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack on temporary files that are produced when printing .dvi files using lpr.
      Linux kernel 2.2.1 through 2.2.19, and 2.4.1 through 2.4.10, allows local users to cause a denial of service via a series of deeply nested symlinks, which causes the kernel to spend extra time when trying to access the link.
      CITRIX Metaframe 1.8 logs the Client Address (IP address) that is provided by the client instead of obtaining it from the packet headers, which allows clients to spoof their public IP address, e.g. through Network Address Translation (NAT).
      Buffer overflow in helpctr.exe program in Microsoft Help Center for Windows XP allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long hcp: URL.
      Legato Networker before 6.1 allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions and gain privileges on the Networker interface by spoofing the admin server name and IP address and connecting to Networker from an IP address whose hostname can not be determined by a DNS reverse lookup.
      PHP-Nuke 5.1 stores user and administrator passwords in a base-64 encoded cookie, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges by stealing or sniffing the cookie and decoding it.
      Packaging error for expect 8.3.3 in Mandrake Linux 8.1 causes expect to search for its libraries in the /home/snailtalk directory before other directories, which could allow a local user to gain root privileges.
      Format string vulnerability in Network Solutions Rwhoisd 1.5.7.2 and earlier, when using syslog, allows remote attackers to corrupt memory and possibly execute arbitrary code via a rwhois request that contains format specifiers.
      Linux kernel before 2.4.11pre3 in multiple Linux distributions allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by starting the core vmlinux kernel, possibly related to poor error checking during ELF loading.
      Format string vulnerability in Berkeley parallel make (pmake) 2.1.33 and earlier allows a local user to gain root privileges via format specifiers in the check argument of a shell definition.
      Buffer overflow in Berkeley parallel make (pmake) 2.1.33 and earlier allows a local user to gain root privileges via a long check argument of a shell definition.
      Jakarta Tomcat 4.0.1 allows remote attackers to reveal physical path information by requesting a long URL with a .JSP extension.
      Vulnerabilities in CGI scripts in susehelp in SuSE 7.2 and 7.3 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by not opening files securely.
      Internet Explorer 5.50.4134.0100 on Windows ME with "Prompt to allow cookies to be stored on your machine" enabled does not warn a user when a cookie is set using Javascript.
      Format string vulnerability in auto nice daemon (AND) 1.0.4 and earlier allows a local user to possibly execute arbitrary code via a process name containing a format string.
      Netscape 4.79 and earlier for MacOS allows an attacker with access to the browser to obtain passwords from form fields by printing the document into which the password has been typed, which is printed in cleartext.
      ndcgi.exe in Netdynamics 4.x through 5.x, and possibly earlier versions, allows remote attackers to steal session IDs and hijack user sessions by reading the SPIDERSESSION and uniqueValue variables from the login field, then using those variables after the next user logs in.
      RPM Package Manager 4.0.x through 4.0.2.x allows an attacker to execute arbitrary code via corrupted data in the RPM file when the file is queried.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ifx CGI program in Informix Web DataBlade allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the LO parameter.
      The default installation of Apache before 1.3.19 allows remote attackers to list directories instead of the multiview index.html file via an HTTP request for a path that contains many / (slash) characters, which causes the path to be mishandled by (1) mod_negotiation, (2) mod_dir, or (3) mod_autoindex.
      SSIFilter in Allaire JRun 3.1, 3.0 and 2.3.3 allows remote attackers to obtain source code for Java server pages (.jsp) and other files in the web root via an HTTP request for a non-existent SSI page, in which the request's body has an #include statement.
      Format string vulnerability in the permitted function of GNOME libgtop_daemon in libgtop 1.0.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an argument that contains format specifiers that are passed into the (1) syslog_message and (2) syslog_io_message functions.
      Buffer overflow in the permitted function of GNOME gtop daemon (libgtop_daemon) in libgtop 1.0.13 and earlier may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long authentication data.
      Cisco IOS Firewall Feature set, aka Context Based Access Control (CBAC) or Cisco Secure Integrated Software, for IOS 11.2P through 12.2T does not properly check the IP protocol type, which could allow remote attackers to bypass access control lists.
      Sendpage.pl allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a message containing shell metacharacters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Cooolsoft PowerFTP Server 2.03 allows attackers to list or read arbitrary files and directories via a .. (dot dot) in (1) LS or (2) GET.
      Buffer overflow in Cooolsoft PowerFTP Server 2.03 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long command.
      Cooolsoft PowerFTP Server 2.03 allows remote attackers to list the contents of arbitrary drives via a ls (LIST) command that includes the drive letter as an argument, e.g. "ls C:".
      Cooolsoft PowerFTP Server 2.03 allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of the server root via the pwd command, which lists the full pathname.
      Vulnerability in wu-ftpd 2.6.0, and possibly earlier versions, which is unrelated to the ftpglob bug described in CVE-2001-0550.
      Buffer overflow in Frox transparent FTP proxy 0.6.6 and earlier, with the local caching method selected, allows remote FTP servers to run arbitrary code via a long response to an MDTM request.
      PGPMail.pl 1.31 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the (1) recipient or (2) pgpuserid parameters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in AspUpload 2.1, in certain configurations, allows remote attackers to upload and read arbitrary files, and list arbitrary directories, via a .. (dot dot) in the Filename parameter in (1) UploadScript11.asp or (2) DirectoryListing.asp.
      Lotus Domino 5.08 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a SunRPC NULL command to port 443.
      Buffer overflow in the GUI authentication code of Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 Management Server 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long user name.
      Buffer overflow in dbsnmp in Oracle 8.0.6 through 9.0.1 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long ORACLE_HOME environment variable.
      dbsnmp in Oracle 8.1.6 and 8.1.7 uses the ORACLE_HOME environment variable to find and execute the dbsnmp program, which allows local users to execute arbitrary programs by pointing the ORACLE_HOME to an alternate directory that contains a malicious version of dbsnmp.
      dbsnmp in Oracle 8.0.5 and 8.1.5, under certain conditions, trusts the PATH environment variable to find and execute the (1) chown or (2) chgrp commands, which allows local users to execute arbitrary code by modifying the PATH to point to Trojan Horse programs.
      DDE in mIRC allows local users to launch applications under another user's account via a DDE message that executes a command, which may be executed by the other user's process.
      Buffer overflow in Outlook Express 5.0 through 5.02 for Macintosh allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an e-mail message that contains a long line.
      apmscript in Apmd in Red Hat 7.2 "Enigma" allows local users to create or change the modification dates of arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the LOW_POWER temporary file, which could be used to cause a denial of service, e.g. by creating /etc/nologin and disabling logins.
      Forms.exe CGI program in ValiCert Enterprise Validation Authority (EVA) 3.3 through 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to determine the real pathname of the server by requesting an invalid extension, which produces an error page that includes the path.
      Cross-site scripting (CSS) vulnerability in ValiCert Enterprise Validation Authority (EVA) 3.3 through 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or display false information by including HTML or script in the certificate's description, which is executed when the certificate is viewed.
      Buffer overflows in forms.exe CGI program in ValiCert Enterprise Validation Authority (EVA) Administration Server 3.3 through 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long arguments to the parameters (1) Mode, (2) Certificate_File, (3) useExpiredCRLs, (4) listenLength, (5) maxThread, (6) maxConnPerSite, (7) maxMsgLen, (8) exitTime, (9) blockTime, (10) nextUpdatePeriod, (11) buildLocal, (12) maxOCSPValidityPeriod, (13) extension, and (14) a particular combination of parameters associated with private key generation that form a string of a certain length.
      ValiCert Enterprise Validation Authority (EVA) Administration Server 3.3 through 4.2.1 uses insufficiently random data to (1) generate session tokens for HSMs using the C rand function, or (2) generate certificates or keys using /dev/urandom instead of another source which blocks when the entropy pool is low, which could make it easier for local or remote attackers to steal tokens or certificates via brute force guessing.
      Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by flooding Internet Key Exchange (IKE) UDP port 500 with packets that contain a large number of dot characters.
      THQ Volition Red Faction Game allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) of a client or server via packets to UDP port 7755.
      Kebi WebMail allows remote attackers to access the administrator menu and gain privileges via the /a/ hidden directory, which is installed under the web document root.
      Lotus Domino 5.0.5 and 5.0.8, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (block access to databases that have not been previously accessed) via a URL that includes the . (dot) directory.
      Buffer overflow in fbglyph.c in XFree86 before 4.2.0, related to glyph clipping for large origins, allows attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly gain privileges via a large number of characters, possibly through the web page search form of KDE Konqueror or from an xterm command with a long title.
      speechd 0.54 and earlier, with the Festival or rsynth speech synthesis package, allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflows in eManager plugin for Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall for NT 3.51 and 3.51J allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long arguments to the CGI programs (1) register.dll, (2) ContentFilter.dll, (3) SFNofitication.dll, (4) register.dll, (5) TOP10.dll, (6) SpamExcp.dll, and (7) spamrule.dll.
      Computer Associates ARCserve for NT 6.61 SP2a and ARCserve 2000 7.0 creates a hidden share named ARCSERVE$, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information and overwrite critical files.
      Computer Associates ARCserve for NT 6.61 SP2a and ARCserve 2000 7.0 stores the backup agent user name and password in cleartext in the aremote.dmp file in the ARCSERVE$ hidden share, which allows local and remote attackers to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in tab expansion capability of the most program allows local or remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a malformed file that is viewed with most.
      IBM WebSphere Application Server 3.02 through 3.53 uses predictable session IDs for cookies, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges of WebSphere users via brute force guessing.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SpoonFTP 1.1 allows local and sometimes remote attackers to access files outside of the FTP root via a ... (modified dot dot) in the CD (CWD) command.
      Buffer overflow in client for Half-Life 1.1.0.8 and earlier allows malicious remote servers to execute arbitrary code via a long console command.
      glFTPD 1.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a LIST command with an argument that contains a large number of * (asterisk) characters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Nudester 1.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to read or write arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the CD (CWD) command.
      Knox Arkeia server 4.2, and possibly other versions, uses a constant salt when encrypting passwords using the crypt() function, which makes it easier for an attacker to conduct brute force password guessing.
      Knox Arkeia server 4.2, and possibly other versions, installs its root user with a null password by default, which allows local and remote users to gain privileges.
      ipfw in FreeBSD does not properly handle the use of "me" in its rules when point to point interfaces are used, which causes ipfw to allow connections from arbitrary remote hosts.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in TDForum 1.2 CGI script (tdforum12.cgi) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script on other clients via a forum message that contains the script.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ACI 4d webserver allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) or drive letter (e.g., C:) in an HTTP request.
      Surf-Net ASP Forum before 2.30 uses easily guessable cookies based on the UserID, which allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges by calculating the value of the admin cookie (UserID 1), i.e. "0888888."
      BSCW groupware system 3.3 through 4.0.2 beta allows remote attackers to read or modify arbitrary files by uploading and extracting a tar file with a symlink into the data-bag space.
      Format string vulnerabilities in Oracle Internet Directory Server (LDAP) 2.1.1.x and 3.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Buffer overflow vulnerabilities in Oracle Internet Directory Server (LDAP) 2.1.1.x and 3.0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Vulnerability in HP Process Resource Manager (PRM) C.01.08.2 and earlier, as used by HP-UX Workload Manager (WLM), allows local users to gain root privileges via modified libraries or environment variables.
      slapd in OpenLDAP 1.x before 1.2.12, and 2.x before 2.0.8, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an invalid Basic Encoding Rules (BER) length field.
      login in HP-UX 10.26 does not record failed login attempts in /var/adm/btmp, which could allow attackers to conduct brute force password guessing attacks without being detected or observed using the lastb program.
      Buffer overflow in swverify in HP-UX 11.0, and possibly other programs, allows local users to gain privileges via a long command line argument.
      docview before 1.0-15 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters that are processed when converting a man page to a web page.
      HP CIFS/9000 Server (SAMBA) A.01.07 and earlier with the "unix password sync" option enabled calls the passwd program without specifying the username of the user making the request, which could cause the server to change the password of a different user.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in IBM Tivoli WebSEAL Policy Director 3.01 through 3.7.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or directories via encoded .. (dot dot) sequences containing "%2e" strings.
      UltraEdit uses weak encryption to record FTP passwords in the uedit32.ini file, which allows local users who can read the file to decrypt the passwords and gain privileges.
      Password Safe 1.7(1) leaves cleartext passwords in memory when a user copies the password to the clipboard and minimizes Password Safe with the "Clear the password when minimized" and "Lock password database on minimize and prompt on restore" options enabled, which could allow an attacker with access to the memory (e.g. an administrator) to read the passwords.
      shop.pl in Hassan Consulting Shopping Cart 1.23 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the "page" parameter.
      SQLQHit.asp sample file in Microsoft Index Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as the physical path, file attributes, or portions of source code by directly calling sqlqhit.asp with a CiScope parameter set to (1) webinfo, (2) extended_fileinfo, (3) extended_webinfo, or (4) fileinfo.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in CGIWrap before 3.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript on other web clients by causing the Javascript to be inserted into error messages that are generated by CGIWrap.
      Arkeia backup server 4.2.8-2 and earlier creates its database files with world-writable permissions, which could allow local users to overwrite the files or obtain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflows in Pileup before 1.2 allows local users to gain root privileges via (1) long command line arguments, or (2) a long callsign.
      Inter7 vpopmail 4.10.35 and earlier, when using the MySQL module, compiles authentication information in cleartext into the libvpopmail.a library, which allows local users to obtain the MySQL username and password by inspecting the vpopmail programs that use the library.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Proxomitron Naoko-4 BetaFour and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script on other clients via an incorrect URL containing the malicious script, which is printed back in an error message.
      shopplus.cgi in ShopPlus shopping cart allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the "file" parameter.
      sendmsg function in NetBSD 1.3 through 1.5 allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel trap or panic) via a msghdr structure with a large msg_controllen length.
      Marconi ForeThought 7.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by causing both telnet sessions to be locked via unusual input (e.g., from a port scanner), which prevents others from logging into the device.
      PHProjekt before 2.4a allows remote attackers to perform actions as other PHProjekt users by modifying the ID number in an HTTP request to PHProjekt CGI programs.
      POP3Lite before 0.2.4 does not properly quote a . (dot) in an email message, which could allow a remote attacker to append arbitrary text to the end of an email message, which could then be interpreted by various mail clients as valid POP server responses or other input that could cause clients to crash or otherwise behave unexpectedly.
      Textor Webmasters Ltd listrec.pl CGI program allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the TEMPLATE parameter.
      IBM HACMP 4.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a completed TCP connection to HACMP ports (e.g., using a port scan) that does not send additional data, which causes a failure in snmpd.
      Outlook Express 6.00 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script by embedding SCRIPT tags in a message whose MIME content type is text/plain, contrary to the expected behavior that text/plain messages will not run script.
      rlmadmin RADIUS management utility in Merit AAA Server 3.8M, 5.01, and possibly other versions, allows local users to read arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the rlmadmin.help file.
      The default configuration of the DVI print filter (dvips) in Red Hat Linux 7.0 and earlier does not run dvips in secure mode when dvips is executed by lpd, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges by printing a DVI file that contains malicious commands.
      Respondus 1.1.2 for WebCT uses weak encryption to remember usernames and passwords, which allows local users who can read the WEBCT.SVR file to decrypt the passwords and gain additional privileges.
      Cross-site scripting (CSS) vulnerability in gnut Gnutella client before 0.4.27 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script on other clients by sharing a file whose name contains the script tags.
      Starfish Truesync Desktop 2.0b as used on the REX 5000 PDA uses weak encryption to store the user password in a registry key, which allows attackers who have access to the registry key to decrypt the password and gain privileges.
      Starfish Truesync Desktop 2.0b as used on the REX 5000 PDA does not encrypt sensitive files and relies solely on its password feature to restrict access, which allows an attacker to read the files using a different application.
      Starfish Truesync Desktop 2.0b as used on the REX 5000 PDA uses a small keyspace for device keys and does not impose a delay when an incorrect key is entered, which allows attackers to more quickly guess the key via a brute force attack.
      Java Plugin 1.4 for JRE 1.3 executes signed applets even if the certificate is expired, which could allow remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities via an applet that has been signed by an expired certificate.
      Fetchmail (aka fetchmail-ssl) before 5.8.17 allows a remote malicious (1) IMAP server or (2) POP/POP3 server to overwrite arbitrary memory and possibly gain privileges via a negative index number as part of a response to a LIST request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in pagecount CGI script in Sambar Server before 5.0 beta 5 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on the page parameter.
      index2.php in Mambo Site Server 3.0.0 through 3.0.5 allows remote attackers to gain Mambo administrator privileges by setting the PHPSESSID parameter and providing the appropriate administrator information in other parameters.
      Vulnerability in screen before 3.9.10, related to a multi-attach error, allows local users to gain root privileges when there is a subdirectory under /tmp/screens/.
      Apache on Red Hat Linux with with the UserDir directive enabled generates different error codes when a username exists and there is no public_html directory and when the username does not exist, which could allow remote attackers to determine valid usernames on the server.
      eshop.pl in WebDiscount(e)shop allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the seite parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Snes9x 1.37, when installed setuid root, allows local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      PGP Corporate Desktop before 7.1, Personal Security before 7.0.3, Freeware before 7.0.3, and E-Business Server before 7.1 does not properly display when invalid userID's are used to sign a message, which could allow an attacker to make the user believe that the document has been signed by a trusted third party by adding a second, invalid user ID to a key which has already been signed by the third party, aka the "PGPsdk Key Validity Vulnerability."
      rmuser utility in FreeBSD 4.2 and 4.3 creates a copy of the master.passwd file with world-readable permissions while updating the original file, which could allow local users to gain privileges by reading the copied file while rmuser is running, obtain the password hashes, and crack the passwords.
      Lotus Domino web server 5.08 allows remote attackers to determine the internal IP address of the server when NAT is enabled via a GET request that contains a long sequence of / (slash) characters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in view_item CGI program in sglMerchant 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTML_FILE parameter.
      edit_image.php in Vibechild Directory Manager before 0.91 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the userfile_name parameter, which is sent unfiltered to the PHP passthru function.
      Buffer overflows in WS_FTP 2.02 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long arguments to (1) DELE, (2) MDTM, (3) MLST, (4) MKD, (5) RMD, (6) RNFR, (7) RNTO, (8) SIZE, (9) STAT, (10) XMKD, or (11) XRMD.
      Format string vulnerability in pic utility in groff 1.16.1 and other versions, and jgroff before 1.15, allows remote attackers to bypass the -S option and execute arbitrary commands via format string specifiers in the plot command.
      Xcache 2.1 allows remote attackers to determine the absolute path of web server documents by requesting a URL that is not cached by Xcache, which returns the full pathname in the Content-PageName header.
      login.gas.bat and other CGI scripts in Entrust getAccess allow remote attackers to execute Java programs, and possibly arbitrary commands, by specifying an alternate -classpath argument.
      PHP-Nuke 5.x allows remote attackers to perform arbitrary SQL operations by modifying the "prefix" variable when calling any scripts that do not already define the prefix variable (e.g., by including mainfile.php), such as article.php.
      Trend Micro InterScan AppletTrap 2.0 does not properly filter URLs when they are modified in certain ways such as (1) using a double slash (//) instead of a single slash, (2) URL-encoded characters, (3) requesting the IP address instead of the domain name, or (4) using a leading 0 in an octet of an IP address.
      Buffer overflow in WindowMaker (aka wmaker) 0.64 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long window title.
      Buffer overflow in ultimate_source function of man 1.5 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges.
      libutil in OpenSSH on FreeBSD 4.4 and earlier does not drop privileges before verifying the capabilities for reading the copyright and welcome files, which allows local users to bypass the capabilities checks and read arbitrary files by specifying alternate copyright or welcome files.
      Squid before 2.3STABLE5 in HTTP accelerator mode does not enable access control lists (ACLs) when the httpd_accel_host and http_accel_with_proxy off settings are used, which allows attackers to bypass the ACLs and conduct unauthorized activities such as port scanning.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Meteor FTP 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via (1) a .. (dot dot) in the ls/LIST command, or (2) a ... in the cd/CWD command.
      admin.php in PHP-Nuke 5.2 and earlier, except 5.0RC1, does not check login credentials for upload operations, which allows remote attackers to copy and upload arbitrary files and read the PHP-Nuke configuration file by directly calling admin.php with an upload parameter and specifying the file to copy.
      Compaq TruCluster 1.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a port scan from a system that does not have a DNS PTR record, which causes the cluster to enter a "split-brain" state.
      Format string vulnerability in Hylafax on FreeBSD allows local users to execute arbitrary code via format specifiers in the -h hostname argument for (1) faxrm or (2) faxalter.
      Binary decoding feature of slrn 0.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute commands via shell scripts that are inserted into a news post.
      GNU locate in findutils 4.1 on Slackware 7.1 and 8.0 allows local users to gain privileges via an old formatted filename database (locatedb) that contains an entry with an out-of-range offset, which causes locate to write to arbitrary process memory.
      Cisco SN 5420 Storage Router 1.1(3) and earlier allows local users to access a developer's shell without a password and execute certain restricted commands without being logged.
      Cisco SN 5420 Storage Router 1.1(3) and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a series of connections to TCP port 8023.
      The JetAdmin web interface for HP JetDirect does not set a password for the telnet interface when the admin password is changed, which allows remote attackers to gain access to the printer.
      HP LaserJet, and possibly other JetDirect devices, resets the admin password when the device is turned off, which could allow remote attackers to access the device without the password.
      oracle program in Oracle 8.0.x, 8.1.x and 9.0.1 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on an Oracle log trace (.trc) file that is created in an alternate home directory identified by the ORACLE_HOME environment variable.
      Transsoft Broker 5.9.5.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and directories by uploading a .lnk (link) file that points to the target file.
      ArGoSoft FTP Server 1.2.2.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and directories by uploading a .lnk (link) file that points to the target file.
      Basilix Webmail 0.9.7beta, and possibly other versions, stores *.class and *.inc files under the document root and does not restrict access, which could allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as MySQL passwords and usernames from the mysql.class file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in basilix.php3 in Basilix Webmail 1.0.3beta and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the request_id[DUMMY] parameter.
      Buffer overflow in qpopper (aka qpop or popper) 4.0 through 4.0.2 allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a long username.
      Race condition in OpenBSD VFS allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) by (1) creating a pipe in one thread and causing another thread to set one of the file descriptors to NULL via a close, or (2) calling dup2 on a file descriptor in one process, then setting the descriptor to NULL via a close in another process that is created via rfork.
      AWOL PHP script allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      Phorecast PHP script before 0.40 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      CCCSoftware CCC PHP script allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      Dark Hart Portal (darkportal) PHP script allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      Empris PHP script allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      AdLogin.pm in AdCycle 1.15 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges by injecting SQL code in the $password argument.
      PHPAdsNew PHP script allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      The Microsoft Windows network stack allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a flood of malformed ARP request packets with random source IP and MAC addresses, as demonstrated by ARPNuke.
      IRC DCC helper in the ip_masq_irc IP masquerading module 2.2 allows remote attackers to bypass intended firewall restrictions by causing the target system to send a "DCC SEND" request to a malicious server which listens on port 6667, which may cause the module to believe that the traffic is a valid request and allow the connection to the port specified in the DCC SEND request.
      The License Manager (mathlm) for Mathematica 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) by connecting to port 16286 and not disconnecting, which prevents users from making license requests.
      The License Manager (mathlm) for Mathematica 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to bypass access control (specified by the -restrict argument) and steal a license via a client request that includes the name of a host that is allowed to obtain the license.
      VMWare creates a temporary file vmware-log.USERNAME with insecure permissions, which allows local users to read or modify license information.
      phpMyAdmin 2.2.0rc3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by inserting them into (1) the strCopyTableOK argument in tbl_copy.php, or (2) the strRenameTableOK argument in tbl_rename.php.
      Vulnerability in lsmcode in unknown versions of AIX, possibly related to a usage error.
      Buffer overflow in mana in OpenServer 5.0.6a and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in uidadmin in Caldera Open Unix 8.0.0 and UnixWare 7 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -S (scheme) command line argument.
      Cisco 600 series routers running CBOS 2.0.1 through 2.4.2ap allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via multiple connections to the router on the (1) HTTP or (2) telnet service, which causes the router to become unresponsive and stop forwarding packets.
      Web-based configuration utility in Cisco 600 series routers running CBOS 2.0.1 through 2.4.2ap binds itself to port 80 even when web-based configuration services are disabled, which could leave the router open to attack.
      ns6install installation script for Netscape 6.01 on Solaris, and other versions including 6.2.1 beta, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in AOLserver 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via an HTTP request with a long Authorization header.
      qpopper 4.01 with PAM based authentication on Red Hat systems generates different error messages when an invalid username is provided instead of a valid name, which allows remote attackers to determine valid usernames on the system.
      libCoolType library as used in Adobe Acrobat (acroread) on Linux creates the AdobeFnt.lst file with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to modify the file and possibly modify acroread's behavior.
      Sage Software MAS 200 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by connecting to port 10000 and entering a series of control characters.
      Cisco IOS 12.2 and earlier running Cisco Discovery Protocol (CDP) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a flood of CDP neighbor announcements.
      Apache with mod_rewrite enabled on most UNIX systems allows remote attackers to bypass RewriteRules by inserting extra / (slash) characters into the requested path, which causes the regular expression in the RewriteRule to fail.
      Webridge PX Application Suite allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a malformed request that generates a server error message, which includes full pathname or internal IP address information in the variables (1) APPL_PHYSICAL_PATH, (2) PATH_TRANSLATED, and (3) LOCAL_ADDR.
      Webmin 0.84 and earlier does not properly clear the HTTP_AUTHORIZATION environment variable when the web server is restarted, which makes authentication information available to all CGI programs and allows local users to gain privileges.
      poprelayd script before 2.0 in Cobalt RaQ3 servers allows remote attackers to bypass authentication for relaying by causing a "POP login by user" string that includes the attacker's IP address to be injected into the maillog log file.
      Buffer overflow in whodo in Solaris SunOS 5.5.1 through 5.8 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long (1) SOR or (2) CFIME environment variable.
      Buffer overflow in tt_printf function of rxvt 2.6.2 allows local users to gain privileges via a long (1) -T or (2) -name argument.
      Format string vulnerability in flog function of eXtremail 1.1.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain root privileges via format specifiers in the SMTP commands (1) HELO, (2) EHLO, (3) MAIL FROM, or (4) RCPT TO, and the POP3 commands (5) USER and (6) other commands that can be executed after POP3 authentication.
      create_keyfiles in PSSP 3.2 with DCE 3.1 authentication on AIX creates keyfile directories with world-writable permissions, which could allow a local user to delete key files and cause a denial of service.
      diagrpt in AIX 4.3.x and 5.1 uses the DIAGDATADIR environment variable to find and execute certain programs, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the variable to point to a Trojan horse program.
      Format string vulnerabilities in Livingston/Lucent RADIUS before 2.1.va.1 may allow local or remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via format specifiers that are injected into log messages.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Livingston/Lucent RADIUS before 2.1.va.1 may allow attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Icecast 1.3.7, and other versions before 1.3.11 with HTTP server file streaming support enabled allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a URL that ends in . (dot), / (forward slash), or \ (backward slash).
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Allaire JRun 3.0 and 2.3.3 allows a malicious webmaster to embed Javascript in a request for a .JSP, .shtml, .jsp10, .jrun, or .thtml file that does not exist, which causes the Javascript to be inserted into an error message.
      Lmail 2.7 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      XDM in XFree86 3.3 and 3.3.3 generates easily guessable cookies using gettimeofday() when compiled with the HasXdmXauth option, which allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access to the X display via a brute force attack.
      The default configuration of the config.http.tunnel.allow_ports option on NetCache devices is set to +all, which allows remote attackers to connect to arbitrary ports on remote systems behind the device.
      Microsoft Outlook 8.5 and earlier, and Outlook Express 5 and earlier, with the "Automatically put people I reply to in my address book" option enabled, do not notify the user when the "Reply-To" address is different than the "From" address, which could allow an untrusted remote attacker to spoof legitimate addresses and intercept email from the client that is intended for another user.
      libnss-pgsql in nss-pgsql 0.9.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries by inserting SQL code into an HTTP request.
      nss_postgresql 0.6.1 and before allows a remote attacker to execute arbitrary SQL queries by inserting SQL code into an HTTP request.
      The (1) dump and (2) dump_lfs commands in NetBSD 1.4.x through 1.5.1 do not properly drop privileges, which could allow local users to gain privileges via the RCMD_CMD environment variable.
      msgchk in Digital UNIX 4.0G and earlier allows a local user to read the first line of arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the .mh_profile file.
      Buffer overflow in msgchk in Digital UNIX 4.0G and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long command line argument.
      NetOp School 1.5 allows local users to bypass access restrictions on the administration version by logging into the student version, closing the student version, then starting the administration version.
      Buffer overflow in uuq in AIX 4 could allow local users to execute arbitrary code via a long -r parameter.
      Buffer overflows in muxatmd in AIX 4 allows an attacker to cause a core dump and possibly execute code.
      Cisco routers and switches running IOS 12.0 through 12.2.1 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service via a flood of UDP packets.
      Cisco PIX firewall manager (PFM) 4.3(2)g logs the enable password in plaintext in the pfm.log file, which could allow local users to obtain the password by reading the file.
      The default configuration of Norton AntiVirus for Microsoft Exchange 2000 2.x allows remote attackers to identify the recipient's INBOX file path by sending an email with an attachment containing malicious content, which includes the path in the rejection notice.
      sendmessage.cgi in W3Mail 1.0.2, and possibly other CGI programs, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in any field of the 'Compose Message' page.
      The Log Viewer function in the Check Point FireWall-1 GUI for Solaris 3.0b through 4.1 SP2 does not check for the existence of '.log' files when saving files, which allows (1) remote authenticated users to overwrite arbitrary files ending in '.log', or (2) local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Check Point FireWall-1 3.0b through 4.1 for Solaris allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary policy files that end in a .cpp extension, which are set world-writable.
      FTP Voyager ActiveX control before 8.0, when it is marked as safe for scripting (the default) or if allowed by the IObjectSafety interface, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      SonicWALL SOHO uses easily predictable TCP sequence numbers, which allows remote attackers to spoof or hijack sessions.
      RSA BSAFE SSL-J 3.0, 3.0.1 and 3.1, as used in Cisco iCND 2.0, caches session IDs from failed login attempts, which could allow remote attackers to bypass SSL client authentication and gain access to sensitive data by logging in after an initial failure.
      The default configuration of Sambar Server 5 and earlier uses a symmetric key that is compiled into the binary program for encrypting passwords, which could allow local users to break all user passwords by cracking the key or modifying a copy of the sambar program to call the decryption procedure.
      SnapStream PVS 1.2a stores its passwords in plaintext in the file SSD.ini, which could allow a remote attacker to gain privileges on the server.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SnapStream PVS 1.2a allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack in the requested URL.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in EFTP 2.0.7.337 allows remote authenticated users to reveal directory contents via a .. (dot dot) in the (1) LIST, (2) QUOTE SIZE, and (3) QUOTE MDTM commands.
      EFTP 2.0.7.337 allows remote attackers to obtain NETBIOS credentials by requesting information on a file that is in a network share, which causes the server to send the credentials to the host that owns the share, and allows the attacker to sniff the connection.
      EFTP 2.0.7.337 stores user passwords in plaintext in the eftp2users.dat file.
      Buffer overflow in EFTP 2.0.7.337 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by uploading a .lnk file containing a large number of characters.
      Buffer overflow in TrollFTPD 1.26 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code by creating a series of deeply nested directories with long names, then running the ls -R (recursive) command.
      book.cgi in NetCode NC Book 0.2b allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the "current" parameter.
      generate.cgi in SIX-webboard 2.01 and before allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a dot dot (..) in the content parameter.
      Identix BioLogon 2.03 and earlier does not lock secondary displays on a multi-monitor system running Windows 98 or ME, which allows an attacker with physical access to the system to bypass authentication through a secondary display.
      LinkSys EtherFast BEFSR41 Cable/DSL routers running firmware before 1.39.3 Beta allows a remote attacker to view administration and user passwords by connecting to the router and viewing the HTML source for (1) index.htm and (2) Password.htm.
      A module in Roxen 2.0 before 2.0.92, and 2.1 before 2.1.264, does not properly decode UTF-8, Mac and ISO-2202 encoded URLs, which could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary commands or view arbitrary files via an encoded URL.
      cda in xmcd 3.0.2 and 2.6 in SuSE Linux allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Vulnerabilities in ColdFusion 2.0 through 4.5.1 SP 2 allow remote attackers to (1) read or delete arbitrary files, or (2) overwrite ColdFusion Server templates.
      DEPRECATED.  This entry has been deprecated.  It is a duplicate of CVE-2001-1084.
      Windows NT 4.0 SP 6a allows a local user with write access to winnt/system32 to cause a denial of service (crash in lsass.exe) by running the NT4ALL exploit program in 'SPECIAL' mode.
      Vulnerability in Network Node Manager (NNM) 6.2 and earlier in HP OpenView allows a local user to execute arbitrary code, possibly via a buffer overflow in a long hostname or object ID.
      rpcbind in HP-UX 11.00, 11.04 and 11.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (core dump) via a malformed RPC portmap requests, possibly related to a buffer overflow.
      Symantec LiveUpdate before 1.6 does not use cryptography to ensure the integrity of download files, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via DNS spoofing of the update.symantec.com site.
      Symantec LiveUpdate 1.4 through 1.6, and possibly later versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (flood) via DNS spoofing of the update.symantec.com site.
      Buffer overflow in Progress database 8.3D and 9.1C could allow a local user to execute arbitrary code via (1) _proapsv, (2) _mprosrv, (3) _mprshut, (4) orarx, (5) sqlcpp, (6) _probrkr, (7) _sqlschema and (8) _sqldump.
      Buffer overflow in Progress database 8.3D and 9.1C allows local users to execute arbitrary code via long entries in files that are specified by the (1) PROMSGS or (2) PROTERMCAP environment variables.
      Format string vulnerabilities in (1) _probuild, (2) _dbutil, (3) _mprosrv, (4) _mprshut, (5) _proapsv, (6) _progres, (7) _proutil, (8) _rfutil and (9) prolib in Progress database 9.1C allows a local user to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in the file used by the PROMSGS environment variable.
      Sdbsearch.cgi in SuSE Linux 6.0-7.2 could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by uploading a keylist.txt file that contains filenames with shell metacharacters, then causing the file to be searched using a .. in the HTTP referer (from the HTTP_REFERER variable) to point to the directory that contains the keylist.txt file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in WhitSoft Development SlimFTPd 2.2 allows an attacker to read arbitrary files and directories via a ... (modified dot dot) in the CD command.
      Mailman 2.0.x before 2.0.6 allows remote attackers to gain access to list administrative pages when there is an empty site or list password, which is not properly handled during the call to the crypt function during authentication.
      Vulnerability in a system call in BSDI 3.0 and 3.1 allows local users to cause a denial of service (reboot) in the kernel via a particular sequence of instructions.
      Xerox DocuPrint N40 Printers allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed data, such as that produced by the Code Red worm.
      ZyXEL Prestige 642R and 642R-I routers do not filter the routers' Telnet and FTP ports on the external WAN interface from inside access, allowing someone on an internal computer to reconfigure the router, if the password is known.
      The libsecurity library in HP-UX 11.04 (VVOS) allows attackers to cause a denial of service.
      D-Link DI-704 Internet Gateway firmware earlier than V2.56b6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) via malformed IP datagram fragments.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in r.pl (aka r.cgi) of Randy Parker Power Up HTML 0.8033beta allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and possibly execute arbitrary code via a .. (dot dot) in the FILE parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ASCII NT WinWrapper Professional allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the server request.
      BadBlue Personal Edition v1.02 beta allows remote attackers to read source code for executable programs by appending a %00 (null byte) to the request.
      The Pseudo-Random Number Generator (PRNG) in SSLeay and OpenSSL before 0.9.6b allows attackers to use the output of small PRNG requests to determine the internal state information, which could be used by attackers to predict future pseudo-random numbers.
      ArGoSoft FTP Server 1.2.2.2 uses weak encryption for user passwords, which allows an attacker with access to the password file to gain privileges.
      IBM DB2 7.0 allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) via a single byte to (1) db2ccs.exe on port 6790, or (2) db2jds.exe on port 6789.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in McAfee ASaP VirusScan agent 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTP request.
      fts routines in FreeBSD 4.3 and earlier, NetBSD before 1.5.2, and OpenBSD 2.9 and earlier can be forced to change (chdir) into a different directory than intended when the directory above the current directory is moved, which could cause scripts to perform dangerous actions on the wrong directories.
      AllCommerce with debugging enabled in EnGarde Secure Linux 1.0.1 creates temporary files with predictable names, which allows local users to modify files via a symlink attack.
      The PAM implementation in /bin/login of the util-linux package before 2.11 causes a password entry to be rewritten across multiple PAM calls, which could provide the credentials of one user to a different user, when used in certain PAM modules such as pam_limits.
      Multiple buffer overflows in programs used by scoadmin and sysadmsh in SCO OpenServer 5.0.6a and earlier allow local users to gain privileges via a long TERM environment variable to (1) atcronsh, (2) auditsh, (3) authsh, (4) backupsh, (5) lpsh, (6) sysadm.menu, or (7) termsh.
      Panda Antivirus Platinum before 6.23.00 allows a remore attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) when a user selects an action for a malformed UPX packed executable file.
      Vulnerability in cgiWebupdate.exe in Trend Micro OfficeScan Corporate Edition (aka Virus Buster) 3.5.2 through 3.5.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Trend Micro OfficeScan Corporate Edition (aka Virus Buster) 3.53 allows remote attackers to access sensitive information from the hotdownload directory without authentication, such as the ofcscan.ini configuration file, which contains a weakly encrypted password.
      Baltimore Technologies WEBsweeper 4.02, when used to manage URL blacklists, allows remote attackers to bypass blacklist restrictions and connect to unauthorized web servers by modifying the requested URL, including (1) a // (double slash), (2) a /SUBDIR/.. where the desired file is in the parentdir, (3) a /./, or (4) URL-encoded characters.
      lpsystem in OpenUnix 8.0.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long command line argument.
      Cyrus 2.0.15, 2.0.16, and 1.6.24 on BSDi 4.2, with IMAP enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) using PHP IMAP clients.
      TCP Wrappers (tcp_wrappers) in FreeBSD 4.1.1 through 4.3 with the PARANOID ACL option enabled does not properly check the result of a reverse DNS lookup, which could allow remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions via DNS spoofing.
      TYPSoft FTP 0.95 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a "../../*" argument to (1) STOR or (2) RETR.
      Baltimore Technologies WEBsweeper 4.0 and 4.02 does not properly filter Javascript from HTML pages, which could allow remote attackers to bypass the filtering via (1) an extra leading < and one or more characters before the SCRIPT tag, or (2) tags using Unicode.
      Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 base.def contains a default macro, accept_fw1_rdp, which can allow remote attackers to bypass intended restrictions with forged RDP (internal protocol) headers to UDP port 259 of arbitrary hosts.
      load_prefs.php and supporting include files in SquirrelMail 1.0.4 and earlier do not properly initialize certain PHP variables, which allows remote attackers to (1) view sensitive files via the config_php and data_dir options, and (2) execute arbitrary code by using options_order.php to upload a message that could be interpreted as PHP.
      udirectory.pl in Microburst Technologies uDirectory 2.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the category_file field.
      Cross-site scripting (CSS) vulnerability in Lotus Domino 5.0.6 allows remote attackers to execute script on other web clients via a URL that ends in Javascript, which generates an error message that does not quote the resulting script.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the %m macro in the smb.conf configuration file in Samba before 2.2.0a allows remote attackers to overwrite certain files via a .. in a NETBIOS name, which is used as the name for a .log file.
      Buffer overflow in Munica Corporation NetSQL 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long CONNECT argument to port 6500.
      Buffer overflow in uucp utilities in UnixWare 7 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via long command line arguments to (1) uucp, (2) uux, (3) bnuconvert, (4) uucico, (5) uuxcmd, or (6) uuxqt.
      Intego FileGuard 4.0 uses weak encryption to store user information and passwords, which allows local users to gain privileges by decrypting the information, e.g., with the Disengage tool.
      linprocfs on FreeBSD 4.3 and earlier does not properly restrict access to kernel memory, which allows one process with debugging rights on a privileged process to read restricted memory from that process.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php in PhpMyExplorer before 1.2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ..%2F (modified dot dot) in the chemin parameter.
      keyinit in S/Key does not require authentication to initialize a one-time password sequence, which allows an attacker who has gained privileges to a user account to create new one-time passwords for use in other activities that may use S/Key authentication, such as sudo.
      AmTote International homebet program stores the homebet.log file in the homebet/ virtual directory, which allows remote attackers to steal account and PIN numbers.
      Check Point Firewall-1 3.0b through 4.0 SP1 follows symlinks and creates a world-writable temporary .cpp file when compiling Policy rules, which could allow local users to gain privileges or modify the firewall policy.
      OmniSecure HTTProtect 1.1.1 allows a superuser without omnish privileges to modify a protected file by creating a symbolic link to that file.
      Vulnerability in MasqMail before 0.1.15 allows local users to gain privileges via piped aliases.
      Buffer overflow in Elm 2.5.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long Message-ID header.
      vipw in the util-linux package before 2.10 causes /etc/shadow to be world-readable in some cases, which would make it easier for local users to perform brute force password guessing.
      Format string vulnerability in Check Point VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 allows a remote authenticated firewall administrator to execute arbitrary code via format strings in the control connection.
      ml85p in Samsung ML-85G GDI printer driver before 0.2.0 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Buffer overflow in xman allows local users to gain privileges via a long MANPATH environment variable.
      xman allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the MANPATH to point to a man page whose filename contains shell metacharacters.
      FreeBSD 4.3 does not properly clear shared signal handlers when executing a process, which allows local users to gain privileges by calling rfork with a shared signal handler, having the child process execute a setuid program, and sending a signal to the child.
      Dynamically Loadable Kernel Module (dlkm) static kernel symbol table in HP-UX 11.11 is not properly configured, which allows local users to gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in login in HP-UX 11.00, 11.11, and 10.20 allows restricted shell users to bypass certain security checks and gain privileges.
      PPTP implementation in Cisco IOS 12.1 and 12.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed packet.
      wrshdsp.exe in Denicomp Winsock RSHD/NT 2.21.00 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via (1) in 2.20.00 and earlier, an invalid port number such as a negative number, which causes a connection attempt to that port and all ports below 1024, and (2) in 2.21.00, a port number of 1024.
      Some AIO operations in FreeBSD 4.4 may be delayed until after a call to execve, which could allow a local user to overwrite memory of the new process and gain privileges.
      Microsoft IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTTP request with a content-length value that is larger than the size of the request, which prevents IIS from timing out the connection.
      csvform.pl 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via metacharacters in the file parameter.
      mailto.exe in Brian Dorricott MAILTO 1.0.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to send SPAM e-mail through remote servers by modifying the sendto, email, server, subject, and resulturl hidden form fields.
      IBM Websphere Application Server 3.5.3 and earlier stores a password in cleartext in the sas.server.props file, which allows local users to obtain the passwords via a JSP script.
      The default PAM files included with passwd in Mandrake Linux 8.1 do not support MD5 passwords, which could result in a lower level of password security than intended.
      WebSeal in IBM Tivoli SecureWay Policy Director 3.8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a URL that ends in %2e.
      Citrix Independent Computing Architecture (ICA) Client for Windows 6.1 allows remote malicious web sites to execute arbitrary code via a .ICA file, which is downloaded and automatically executed by the client.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in EFTP 2.0.8.346 allows local users to read directories via a ... (modified dot dot) in the CWD command.
      Zyxel Prestige 681 and 1600 SDSL Routers allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed packets with (1) an IP length less than actual packet size, or (2) fragmented packets whose size exceeds 64 kilobytes after reassembly.
      Novell Groupwise 5.5 and 6.0 Servlet Gateway is installed with a default username and password for the servlet manager, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in edit_action.cgi of Webmin Directory 0.91 allows attackers to gain privileges via a '..' (dot dot) in the argument.
      klprfax_filter in KDE2 KDEUtils allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the klprfax.filter temporary file.
      RLPDaemon in HP-UX 10.20 and 11.0 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain privileges by specifying the target file in the -L option.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in agora.cgi for Agora 3.0a through 4.0g, when debug mode is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute Javascript on other clients via the cart_id parameter.
      Microsoft Windows XP allows local users to bypass a locked screen and run certain programs that are associated with Hot Keys.
      Buffer overflow in wmcube-gdk for WMCube/GDK 0.98 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via long lines in the object description file.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in DeleGate 7.7.0 and 7.7.1 does not quote scripting commands within a "403 Forbidden" error page, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript on other clients via a URL that generates an error.
      Format string vulnerability in gpm-root in gpm 1.17.8 through 1.17.18 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in phprocketaddin in Total PC Solutions PHP Rocket Add-in for FrontPage 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the page parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in lastlines.cgi for Last Lines 2.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via '..' sequences in the $error_log variable.
      Matrix CGI vault Last Lines 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the $error_log variable.
      Buffer overflows in DayDream BBS 2.9 through 2.13 allow remote attackers to possibly execute arbitrary code via the control codes (1) ~#MC, (2) ~#TF, or (3) ~#RA.
      Format string vulnerability in DayDream BBS allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in a file containing a ~#RA control code.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in zml.cgi allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the file parameter.
      Cisco ubr900 series routers that conform to the Data-over-Cable Service Interface Specifications (DOCSIS) standard must ship without SNMP access restrictions, which can allow remote attackers to read and write information to the MIB using arbitrary community strings.
      Ipswitch IMail 7.0.4 and earlier allows attackers with administrator privileges to read and modify user alias and mailing list information for other domains hosted by the same server via the (1) aliasadmin or (2) listadm1 CGI programs, which do not properly verify that an administrator is the administrator for the target domain.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in catgy.cgi for Aktivate 1.03 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript via the desc parameter.
      The default configuration of DataWizard FtpXQ 2.0 and 2.1 includes a default username and password, which allows remote attackers to read and write arbitrary files in the root folder.
      manual.php in Marcus S. Xenakis Unix Manual 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a URL that contains shell metacharacters.
      Format string vulnerability in PFinger 0.7.5 through 0.7.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in a .plan file.
      Buffer overflow in PL/SQL Apache module in Oracle 9i Application Server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long request for a help page.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in PL/SQL Apache module in Oracle Oracle 9i Application Server allows remote attackers to access sensitive information via a double encoded URL with .. (dot dot) sequences.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer for Unix 5.0SP1 allows local users to possibly cause a denial of service (crash) in CDE or the X server on Solaris 2.6 by rapidly scrolling Chinese characters or maximizing the window.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 and earlier allows malicious website operators to cause a denial of service (client crash) via JavaScript that continually refreshes the window via self.location.
      D-Link DWL-1000AP Firmware 3.2.28 #483 Wireless LAN Access Point stores the administrative password in plaintext in the default Management Information Base (MIB), which allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges.
      D-Link DWL-1000AP Firmware 3.2.28 #483 Wireless LAN Access Point uses a default SNMP community string of 'public' which allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information.
      Plesk Server Administrator (PSA) 1.0 allows remote attackers to obtain PHP source code via an HTTP request containing the target's IP address and a valid account name for the domain.
      The web administration server for ELSA Lancom 1100 Office does not require authentication, which allows arbitrary remote attackers to gain administrative privileges by connecting to the server.
      get_input in adrotate.pm for Les VanBrunt AdRotate Pro 2.0 allows remote attackers to modify the database and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a SQL code injection attack.
      Hughes Technology Mini SQL 2.0.10 through 2.0.12 allows local users to cause a denial of service by creating a very large array in a table, which causes miniSQL to crash when the table is queried.
      AdCycle 1.17 and earlier allow remote attackers to modify SQL queries, which are not properly sanitized before being passed to the MySQL database.
      Zope before 2.2.4 allows partially trusted users to bypass security controls for certain methods by accessing the methods through the fmt attribute of dtml-var tags.
      Buffer overflows in gzip 1.3x, 1.2.4, and other versions might allow attackers to execute code via a long file name, possibly remotely if gzip is run on an FTP server.
      Buffer overflows in (1) Icecast before 1.3.9 and (2) libshout before 1.0.4 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflows in Icecast before 1.3.10 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and execute arbitrary code.
      GroupWise 5.5 and 6 running in live remote or smart caching mode allows remote attackers to read arbitrary users' mailboxes by extracting usernames and passwords from sniffed network traffic, as addressed by the "Padlock" fix.
      GroupWise WebAccess 5.5 with directory indexing enabled allows a remote attacker to view arbitrary directory contents via an HTTP request with a lowercase "get".
      Netware Enterprise Web Server 5.1 running GroupWise WebAccess 5.5 with Novell Directory Services (NDS) enabled allows remote attackers to enumerate user names, group names and other system information by accessing ndsobj.nlm.
      Bharat Mediratta Gallery PHP script before 1.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by including files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that modifies the includedir variable.
      pSlash PHP script 0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by including files from remote web sites, using an HTTP request that modifies the includedir variable.
      myphpPagetool PHP script 0.4.3-1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by including files from remote web sites, using an HTTP request that modifies the includedir variable.
      Phormation PHP script 0.9.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by including files from remote web sites, using an HTTP request that modifies the phormationdir variable.
      Task Manager in Windows 2000 does not allow local users to end processes with uppercase letters named (1) winlogon.exe, (2) csrss.exe, (3) smss.exe and (4) services.exe via the Process tab which could allow local users to install Trojan horses that cannot be stopped with the Task Manager.
      PowerNet IX allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a port scan.
      The default configuration of sudo in Engarde Secure Linux 1.0.1 allows any user in the admin group to run certain commands that could be leveraged to gain full root access.
      Un-CGI 1.9 and earlier does not verify that a CGI script has the execution bits set before executing it, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by directing Un-CGI to a document that begins with "#!"  and the desired program name.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Un-CGI 1.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a .. (dot dot) in an HTML form.
      Scripting.FileSystemObject in asp.dll for Microsoft IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows local or remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via (1) creating an ASP program that uses Scripting.FileSystemObject to open a file with an MS-DOS device name, or (2) remotely injecting the device name into ASP programs that internally use Scripting.FileSystemObject.
      Multiple TCP implementations could allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (bandwidth and CPU exhaustion) by setting the maximum segment size (MSS) to a very small number and requesting large amounts of data, which generates more packets with less TCP-level data that amplify network traffic and consume more server CPU to process.
      Opera 5.0 for Linux does not properly handle malformed HTTP headers, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, possibly with a header whose value is the same as a MIME header name.
      PHP 4.0.5 through 4.1.0 in safe mode does not properly cleanse the 5th parameter to the mail() function, which allows local users and possibly remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters.
      PHP 4.0.4pl1 and 4.0.5 in safe mode allows remote attackers to read and write files owned by the web server UID by uploading a PHP script that uses the error_log function to access the files.
      vWebServer 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to view arbitrary ASP scripts via a request for an ASP script that ends with a URL-encoded space character (%20).
      vWebServer 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a URL that contains MS-DOS device names.
      vWebServer 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a small number of long URL requests, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      SmallHTTP 1.204 through 3.00 beta 8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via multiple long URL requests.
      Network Associates PGP Keyserver 7.0 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and access the administrative web interface via URLs that directly access cgi-bin instead of keyserver/cgi-bin for the programs (1) console, (2) cs, (3) multi_config and (4) directory.
      Alexis 2.0 and 2.1 in COM2001 InternetPBX stores voicemail passwords in plain text in the com2001.ini file, which could allow local users to make long distance calls as other users.
      Web Access component for COM2001 Alexis 2.0 and 2.1 in InternetPBX sends username and voice mail passwords in the clear via a Java applet that sends the information to port 8888 of the server, which could allow remote attackers to steal the passwords via sniffing.
      WinMySQLadmin 1.1 stores the MySQL password in plain text in the my.ini file, which allows local users to obtain unathorized access the MySQL database.
      kmmodreg in HP-UX 11.11, 11.04 and 11.00 allows local users to create arbitrary world-writeable files via a symlink attack on the (1) /tmp/.kmmodreg_lock and (2) /tmp/kmpath.tmp temporary files.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Horde Internet Messaging Program (IMP) before 2.2.6 and 1.2.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript embedded in an email.
      Horde Internet Messaging Program (IMP) before 2.2.6 allows local users to read IMP configuration files and steal the Horde database password by placing the prefs.lang file containing PHP code on the server.
      Avaya Argent Office allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending UDP packets to port 53 with no payload.
      Avaya Argent Office uses weak encryption (trivial encoding) for passwords, which allows remote attackers to gain administrator privileges by sniffing and decrypting the sniffing the passwords during a system reboot.
      Avaya Argent Office 2.1 may allow remote attackers to change hold music by spoofing a legitimate server's response to a TFTP broadcast and providing an alternate HoldMusic file.
      Avaya Argent Office 2.1 compares a user-provided SNMP community string with the correct string only up to the length of the user-provided string, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication with a 0 length community string.
      telnet95.exe in Pragma InterAccess 4.0 build 5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of characters to port 23, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      Vulnerability in mkacct in HP-UX 11.04 running Virtualvault Operating System (VVOS) 4.0 and 4.5 allows attackers to elevate privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in IBM alphaWorks Java TFTP server 1.21 allows remote attackers to conduct unauthorized operations on arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Doug Neal's HTTPD Daemon (DNHTTPD) before 0.4.1 allows remote attackers to view arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack using the dot hex code '%2E'.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in GNU tar 1.13.19 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files during archive extraction via a tar file whose filenames contain a .. (dot dot).
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Info-ZIP UnZip 5.42 and earlier allows attackers to overwrite arbitrary files during archive extraction via a .. (dot dot) in an extracted filename.
      Info-ZIP UnZip 5.42 and earlier allows attackers to overwrite arbitrary files during archive extraction via filenames in the archive that begin with the '/' (slash) character.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the console version of PKZip (pkzipc) 4.00 and earlier allows attackers to overwrite arbitrary files during archive extraction with the -rec (recursive) option via a .. (dot dot) attack on the archived files.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in rar 2.02 and earlier allows attackers to overwrite arbitrary files during archive extraction via a ..  (dot dot) attack on archived filenames.
      wmtv 0.6.5 and earlier does not properly drop privileges, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via the -e (external command) option.
      The "mxcsr P4" vulnerability in the Linux kernel before 2.2.17-14, when running on certain Intel CPUs, allows local users to cause a denial of service (system halt).
      Buffer overflow in MySQL before 3.23.31 allows attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly gain privileges.
      MySQL before 3.23.31 allows users with a MySQL account to use the SHOW GRANTS command to obtain the encrypted administrator password from the mysql.user table and possibly gain privileges via password cracking.
      ispell before 3.1.20 allows local users to overwrite files of other users via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      makewhatis in the man package before 1.5i2 allows an attacker in group man to overwrite arbitrary files via a man page whose name contains shell metacharacters.
      Zope before 2.2.4 allows partially trusted users to bypass security controls for certain methods by accessing the methods through the fmt attribute of dtml-var tags.
      Buffer overflow in print-rx.c of tcpdump 3.x (probably 3.6x) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via AFS RPC packets with invalid lengths that trigger an integer signedness error, a different vulnerability than CVE-2000-1026.
      POP3 Server for Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier generates different responses to valid and invalid user names, which allows remote attackers to determine users on the system.
      Web Messaging Server for Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to change information for other users by modifying the olduser parameter in the "Change User Information" web form.
      Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier records the physical path of attachments in an e-mail message header, which could allow remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive configuration information.
      The webmail interface for Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (crash) via a mailbox name that contains a large number of . (dot) or other characters to programs such as (1) readmail.cgi or (2) printmail.cgi, possibly due to a buffer overflow that may allow execution of arbitrary code.
      Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier uses predictable session IDs for authentication, which allows remote attackers to hijack sessions of other users.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in readmail.cgi for Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to access the mailboxes of other users via a .. (dot dot) in the mbx parameter.
      Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier stores a user's session ID in a URL, which could allow remote attackers to hijack sessions by obtaining the URL, e.g. via an HTML email that causes the Referrer to be sent to a URL under the attacker's control.
      Buffer overflow in Web Calendar in Ipswitch IMail 7.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      Windows 2000 and Windows NT allows local users to cause a denial of service (reboot) by executing a command at the command prompt and pressing the F7 and enter keys several times while the command is executing, possibly related to an exception handling error in csrss.exe.
      Quake 3 arena 1.29f and 1.29g allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed connection packet that begins with several char-255 characters.
      admin.cgi in Active Classifieds Free Edition 1.0, and possibly commercial versions, allows remote attackers to modify the configuration, gain privileges, and execute arbitrary Perl code via the table_width parameter.
      The telnet server for 3Com hardware such as PS40 SuperStack II does not delay or disconnect remote attackers who provide an incorrect username or password, which makes it easier to break into the server via brute force password guessing.
      Sambar Telnet Proxy/Server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long password.
      Buffer overflow in web server of 3com HomeConnect Cable Modem External with USB (#3CR29223) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in A-V Tronics Inetserv 3.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) in the Webmail interface via a long username and password.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Cerberus FTP Server 1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the CD command.
      More.groupware PHP script allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in Actionpoll PHP script before 1.1.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the includedir parameter.
      Webodex PHP script 1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      Zorbat Zorbstats PHP script before 0.9 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files from remote web sites via an HTTP request that sets the includedir variable.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Dynu FTP server 1.05 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. in the CD (CWD) command.
      rcs2log, as used in Emacs 20.4, xemacs 21.1.10 and other versions before 21.4, and possibly other packages, allows local users to modify files of other users via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      The change password option in the Windows Security interface for Windows 2000 allows attackers to use the option to attempt to change passwords of other users on other systems or identify valid accounts by monitoring error messages, possibly due to a problem in the NetuserChangePassword function.
      The default configuration of SecuRemote for Check Point Firewall-1 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive configuration information for the protected network without authentication.
      Buffer overflow in SHOUTcast Server 1.8.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via several HTTP requests with a long (1) user-agent or (2) host HTTP header.
      ICQ 2001a Alpha and earlier allows remote attackers to automatically add arbitrary UINs to an ICQ user's contact list via a URL to a web page with a Content-Type of application/x-icq, which is processed by Internet Explorer.
      iPlanet Directory Server 4.1.4 and earlier (LDAP) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via invalid BER length of length fields, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Buffer overflows in iPlanet Directory Server 4.1.4 and earlier (LDAP) allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Format string vulnerabilities in iPlanet Directory Server 4.1.4 and earlier (LDAP) allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Buffer overflows in IBM SecureWay 3.2.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      IBM SecureWay 3.2.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, via invalid encodings for the L field of a BER encoding, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Buffer overflows in Lotus Domino R5 before R5.0.7a allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Format string vulnerabilities in Lotus Domino R5 before R5.0.7a allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Lotus Domino R5 before R5.0.7a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via miscellaneous packets with semi-valid BER encodings, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Buffer overflows in Critical Path (1) InJoin Directory Server or (2) LiveContent Directory allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Critical Path (1) InJoin Directory Server or (2) LiveContent Directory allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via malformed BER encodings, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Buffer overflows in Teamware Office Enterprise Directory allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Teamware Office Enterprise Directory allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, via invalid encodings for certain BER object types, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Vulnerabilities in Qualcomm Eudora WorldMail Server may allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Microsoft Exchange 5.5 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via exceptional BER encodings for the LDAP filter type field, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Network Associates PGP Keyserver 7.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via exceptional BER encodings (possibly buffer overflows), as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      Oracle Internet Directory Server 2.1.1.x and 3.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via invalid encodings of BER OBJECT-IDENTIFIER values, as demonstrated by the PROTOS LDAPv3 test suite.
      xinetd 2.1.8 and earlier runs with a default umask of 0, which could allow local users to read or modify files that are created by an application that runs under xinetd but does not set its own safe umask.
      Buffer overflow in MIT Kerberos 5 (krb5) 1.2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via base-64 encoded data, which is not properly handled when the radix_encode function processes file glob output from the ftpglob function.
      cvmlogin and statfile in Paul Jarc idtools before 2001.06.27 do not properly check the return value of a call to the pathexec_env function, which could cause the setstate utility to setuid to the UID environment variable and allow local users to gain privileges.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 and 5.5, and Outlook Express 5.0 and 5.5, allow remote attackers to execute scripts when Active Scripting is disabled by including the scripts in XML stylesheets (XSL) that are referenced using an IFRAME tag, possibly due to a vulnerability in Windows Scripting Host (WSH).
      Eudora 5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code when the "Use Microsoft Viewer" option is enabled and the "allow executables in HTML content" option is disabled, via an HTML email with a form that is activated from an image that the attacker spoofs as a link, which causes the user to execute the form and access embedded attachments.
      pmake before 2.1.35 in Turbolinux 6.05 and earlier is installed with setuid root privileges, which could allow local users to gain privileges by exploiting vulnerabilities in pmake or programs that are used by pmake.
      Buffer overflow in ypbind daemon in Solaris 5.4 through 8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in rsh on AIX 4.2.0.0 may allow local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in rsh on AIX 4.2.0.0 may allow local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      mandb in the man-db package before 2.3.16-3 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via the command line options (1) -u or (2) -c, which do not drop privileges and follow symlinks.
      Buffer overflows in Linux CUPS before 1.1.6 may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      Linux CUPS before 1.1.6 does not securely handle temporary files, possibly due to a symlink vulnerability that could allow local users to overwrite files.
      Block_render_url.class in PHPSlash 0.6.1 allows remote attackers with PHPSlash administrator privileges to read arbitrary files by creating a block and specifying the target file as the source URL.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in CesarFTP 0.98b and earlier allows remote authenticated users (such as anonymous) to read arbitrary files via a GET with a filename that contains a ...%5c (modified dot dot).
      CesarFTP 0.98b and earlier stores usernames and passwords in plaintext in the settings.ini file, which allows attackers to gain privileges.
      Beck IPC GmbH IPC@CHIP Embedded-Webserver allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long HTTP request.
      Beck IPC GmbH IPC@CHIP TelnetD server generates different responses when given valid and invalid login names, which allows remote attackers to determine accounts on the system.
      Beck IPC GmbH IPC@CHIP telnet service does not delay or disconnect users from the service when bad passwords are entered, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct brute force password guessing attacks.
      Beck GmbH IPC@Chip TelnetD service supports only one connection and does not disconnect a user who does not complete the login process, which allows remote attackers to lock out the administrator account by connecting to the service.
      The Beck GmbH IPC@Chip embedded web server installs the chipcfg.cgi program by default, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive network information via a request to the program.
      Apache before 1.3.20 on Windows and OS/2 systems allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (GPF) via an HTTP request for a URI that contains a large number of / (slash) or other characters, which causes certain functions to dereference a null pointer.
      ws_mail.cgi in WebStore 400/400CS 4.14 allows remote authenticated WebStore administrators to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in the kill parameter.
      WSSecurity.pl in WebStore allows remote attackers to bypass authentication by providing the program with a filename that exists, which is made easier by (1) inserting a null character or (2) .. (dot dot).
      bctool in Jetico BestCrypt 0.7 and earlier trusts the user-supplied PATH to find and execute an fsck utility program, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the PATH to point to a Trojan horse program.
      Computer Associates ARCserveIT 6.61 and 6.63 (also called ARCservIT) allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the temporary files (1) asagent.tmp or (2) inetd.tmp.
      Windows 2000 allows local users to cause a denial of service and possibly gain privileges by setting a hardware breakpoint that is handled using global debug registers, which could cause other processes to terminate due to an exception, and allow hijacking of resources such as named pipes.
      TWIG 2.6.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized database operations via a SQL injection attack on the id parameter.
      Sendmail before 8.11.4, and 8.12.0 before 8.12.0.Beta10, allows local users to cause a denial of service and possibly corrupt the heap and gain privileges via race conditions in signal handlers.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in namazu.cgi for Namazu 2.0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript as other web users via the lang parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Namazu 2.0.8 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript as other web users via the index file name that is displayed when displaying hit numbers.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Namazu 2.0.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript as other web users via an error message that is returned when an invalid index file is specified in the idxname parameter.
      ghostscript before 6.51 allows local users to read and write arbitrary files as the 'lp' user via the file operator, even with -dSAFER enabled.
      NetWin Authentication module (NWAuth) 2.0 and 3.0b, as implemented in SurgeFTP, DMail, and possibly other packages, uses weak password hashing, which could allow local users to decrypt passwords or use a different password that has the same hash value as the correct password.
      Buffer overflows in NetWin Authentication Module (NWAuth) 3.0b and earlier, as implemented in DMail, SurgeFTP, and possibly other packages, could allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via long arguments to (1) the -del command or (2) the -lookup command.
      NetWin SurgeFTP 2.0f and earlier encrypts passwords using weak hashing, a fixed salt value and modulo 40 calculations, which allows remote attackers to conduct brute force password guessing attacks against the administrator account on port 7021.
      Multiple vulnerabilities in phpMyChat before 0.14.5 exist in (1) input.php3, (2) handle_inputH.php3, or (3) index.lib.php3 with unknown consequences, possibly related to user spoofing or improperly initialized variables.
      Vulnerabilities in phpMyChat before 0.14.4 allow local and possibly remote attackers to gain privileges by specifying an alternate library file in the L (localization) parameter.
      Volution clients 1.0.7 and earlier attempt to contact the computer creation daemon (CCD) when an LDAP authentication failure occurs, which allows remote attackers to fully control clients via a Trojan horse Volution server.
      Vulnerability in Scanner Access Now Easy (SANE) before 1.0.5, related to pnm and saned.
      Vulnerability in The Web Information Gateway (TWIG) 2.7.1, possibly related to incorrect security rights and/or the generation of mailto links.
      Vulnerability in the server for nPULSE before 0.53p4.
      Vulnerability in phpWebSite before 0.7.9 related to running multiple instances in the same domain, which may allow attackers to gain administrative privileges.
      Vulnerability in autodns.pl for AutoDNS before 0.0.4 related to domain names that are not fully qualified.
      Vulnerability in IntraGnat before 1.4.
      netscript before 1.6.3 parses dynamic variables, which could allow remote attackers to alter program behavior or obtain sensitive information.
      The checkAccess function in PHPSlice 0.1.4, and all other versions between 0.1.1 and 0.1.6, does not properly verify the administrative access level, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges.
      Vulnerability in iPlanet Web Server 4 included in Virtualvault Operating System (VVOS) 4.0 running HP-UX 11.04 could allow attackers to corrupt data.
      Leon J Breedt pam-pgsql before 0.5.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL code and bypass authentication or modify user account records by injecting SQL statements into user or password fields.
      prepend.php3 in PHPLib before 7.2d, when register_globals is enabled for PHP, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary scripts via an HTTP request that modifies $_PHPLIB[libdir] to point to malicious code on another server, as seen in Horde 1.2.5 and earlier, IMP before 2.2.6, and other packages that use PHPLib.
      The default configuration of Oracle Application Server 9iAS 1.0.2.2 enables SOAP and allows anonymous users to deploy applications by default via urn:soap-service-manager and urn:soap-provider-manager.
      Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of a file under the server root via a request for a non-existent .JSP file, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      MailSafe in Zone Labs ZoneAlarm 2.6 and earlier and ZoneAlarm Pro 2.6 and 2.4 does not block prohibited file types with long file names, which allows remote attackers to send potentially dangerous attachments.
      expect before 5.32 searches for its libraries in /var/tmp before other directories, which could allow local users to gain root privileges via a Trojan horse library that is accessed by mkpasswd.
      tcl/tk package (tcltk) 8.3.1 searches for its libraries in the current working directory before other directories, which could allow local users to execute arbitrary code via a Trojan horse library that is under a user-controlled directory.
      Buffer overflow in digest calculation function of multiple RADIUS implementations allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via shared secret data.
      Multiple RADIUS implementations do not properly validate the Vendor-Length of the Vendor-Specific attribute, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a Vendor-Length that is less than 2.
      fetchmailconf in fetchmail before 5.7.4 allows local users to overwrite files of other users via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      The PostgreSQL authentication modules (1) mod_auth_pgsql 0.9.5, and (2) mod_auth_pgsql_sys 0.9.4, allow remote attackers to bypass authentication and execute arbitrary SQL via a SQL injection attack on the user name.
      OpenSSH before 2.9.9, while using keypairs and multiple keys of different types in the ~/.ssh/authorized_keys2 file, may not properly handle the "from" option associated with a key, which could allow remote attackers to login from unauthorized IP addresses.
      The "echo simulation" traffic analysis countermeasure in OpenSSH before 2.9.9p2 sends an additional echo packet after the password and carriage return is entered, which could allow remote attackers to determine that the countermeasure is being used.
      initscript in setserial 2.17-4 and earlier uses predictable temporary file names, which could allow local users to conduct unauthorized operations on files.
      ptrace in Linux 2.2.x through 2.2.19, and 2.4.x through 2.4.9, allows local users to gain root privileges by running ptrace on a setuid or setgid program that itself calls an unprivileged program, such as newgrp.
      The Apache module for PHP 4.0.0 through PHP 4.0.4, when disabled with the 'engine = off' option for a virtual host, may disable PHP for other virtual hosts, which could cause Apache to serve the source code of PHP scripts.
      WFTPD 3.00 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by uploading a (link) file that ends in a ".lnk." extension, which bypasses WFTPD's check for a ".lnk" extension.
      iptables-save in iptables before 1.2.4 records the "--reject-with icmp-host-prohibited" rule as "--reject-with tcp-reset," which causes iptables to generate different responses than specified by the administrator, possibly leading to an information leak.
      iptables before 1.2.4 does not accurately convert rate limits that are specified on the command line, which could allow attackers or users to generate more or less traffic than intended by the administrator.
      Multiple vulnerabilities in xinetd 2.3.0 and earlier, and additional variants until 2.3.3, may allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code, primarily via buffer overflows or improper NULL termination.
      Unknown vulnerability in binfmt_misc in the Linux kernel before 2.2.19, related to user pages.
      Off-by-one vulnerability in CPIA driver of Linux kernel before 2.2.19 allows users to modify kernel memory.
      The Linux kernel before 2.2.19 does not have unregister calls for (1) CPUID and (2) MSR drivers, which could cause a DoS (crash) by unloading and reloading the drivers.
      Unknown vulnerability in classifier code for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 could result in denial of service (hang).
      Signedness error in (1) getsockopt and (2) setsockopt for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 allows local users to cause a denial of service.
      Unknown vulnerability in sockfilter for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 related to "boundary cases," with unknown impact.
      Unknown vulnerabilities in strnlen_user for Linux kernel before 2.2.19, with unknown impact.
      The System V (SYS5) shared memory implementation for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 could allow attackers to modify recently freed memory.
      Masquerading code for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 does not fully check packet lengths in certain cases, which may lead to a vulnerability.
      Certain operations in Linux kernel before 2.2.19 on the x86 architecture copy the wrong number of bytes, which might allow attackers to modify memory, aka "User access asm bug on x86."
      Unknown vulnerabilities in the UDP port allocation for Linux kernel before 2.2.19 could allow local users to cause a denial of service (deadlock).
      Bugzilla before 2.14 does not properly restrict access to confidential bugs, which could allow Bugzilla users to bypass viewing permissions via modified bug id parameters in (1) process_bug.cgi, (2) show_activity.cgi, (3) showvotes.cgi, (4) showdependencytree.cgi, (5) showdependencygraph.cgi, (6) showattachment.cgi, or (7) describecomponents.cgi.
      Bugzilla before 2.14 does not properly escape untrusted parameters, which could allow remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities via cross-site scripting (CSS) and possibly SQL injection attacks on (1) the product or output form variables for reports.cgi, (2) the voteon, bug_id, and user variables for showvotes.cgi, (3) an invalid email address in createaccount.cgi, (4) an invalid ID in showdependencytree.cgi, (5) invalid usernames and other fields in process_bug.cgi, and (6) error messages in buglist.cgi.
      Bugzilla before 2.14 includes the username and password in URLs, which could allow attackers to gain privileges by reading the information from the web server logs, or by "shoulder-surfing" and observing the web browser's location bar.
      Bugzilla before 2.14 stores user passwords in plaintext and sends password requests in an email message, which could allow attackers to gain privileges.
      Bugzilla before 2.14 does not restrict access to sanitycheck.cgi, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a flood of requests to sanitycheck.cgi.
      process_bug.cgi in Bugzilla before 2.14 does not set the "groupset" bit when a bug is moved between product groups, which will cause the bug to have the old group's restrictions, which might not be as stringent.
      Bugzilla before 2.14 allows Bugzilla users to bypass group security checks by marking a bug as the duplicate of a restricted bug, which adds the user to the CC list of the restricted bug and allows the user to view the bug.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in readmsg.php in WebMail 2.0.1 in Cobalt Qube 3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the mailbox parameter.
      dexconf in XFree86 Xserver 4.1.0-2 creates the /dev/dri directory with insecure permissions (666), which allows local users to replace or create files in the root file system.
      Internet Explorer 6 and earlier allows remote attackers to create chromeless windows using the Javascript window.createPopup method, which could allow attackers to simulate a victim's display and conduct unauthorized activities or steal sensitive data via social engineering.
      Format string vulnerability in gm4 (aka m4) on Mac OS X may allow local users to gain privileges if gm4 is called by setuid programs.
      nidump on MacOS X before 10.3 allows local users to read the encrypted passwords from the password file by specifying passwd as a command line argument.
      Stack-based buffer overflow in the comprexx function for ncompress 4.2.4 and earlier, when used in situations that cross security boundaries (such as FTP server), may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long filename argument.
      The Basic Security Module (BSM) for Solaris 2.5.1, 2.6, 7, and 8 does not log anonymous FTP access, which allows remote attackers to hide their activities, possibly when certain BSM audit files are not present under the FTP root.
      vi.recover in OpenBSD before 3.1 allows local users to remove arbitrary zero-byte files such as device nodes.
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the log messages in certain Alpha versions of AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.4 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script or HTML via an image in the (1) DATA, (2) STYLE, or (3) BINARY tags.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application hang or crash) via a buddy icon GIF file whose length and width values are larger than the actual image data.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a malformed WAV file.
      Fixed in Win AIM Beta 4.8.2540 posted Nov. 19th.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.7.2480 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via an instant message that contains a large amount of "<!--" HTML comments.
      Fixed in Win AIM Beta 4.8.2540 posted Nov. 19th.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a long filename, possibly caused by a buffer overflow.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via a large number of different fonts followed by an HTML HR tag.
      WinVNC 3.3.3 and earlier generates the same challenge string for multiple connections, which allows remote attackers to bypass VNC authentication by sniffing the challenge and response of other users.
      Advanced Poll before 1.61, when using a flat file database, allows remote attackers to gain privileges by setting the logged_in parameter.
      Alcatel Speed Touch ADSL modem running firmware KHDSAA.108, KHDSAA.132, KHDSBA.133, and KHDSAA.134 has a blank default password, which allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access.
      The challenge-response authentication of the EXPERT user for Alcatel Speed Touch running firmware KHDSAA.108 and KHDSAA.132 through KHDSAA.134 allows remote attackers to gain privileges by directly computing the response based on information that is provided by the device during login.
      Alcatel Speed Touch running firmware KHDSAA.108 and KHDSAA.132 through KHDSAA.134 has a TFTP server running without a password, which allows remote attackers to change firmware versions or the device's configurations.
      Unknown vulnerability in ColdFusion Server 2.0 through 4.5.1 SP2 allows remote attackers to overwrite templates with zero byte files via unknown attack vectors.
      The (1) FTP and (2) Telnet services in Beck GmbH IPC@Chip are shipped with a default password, which allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access.
      Buffer overflow in mcedit in Midnight Commander 4.5.1 allows local users to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a crafted text file.
      Cayman 3220-H DSL Router 1.0 ship without a password set, which allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access.
      Nokia Firewall Appliances running IPSO 3.3 and VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 Service Pack 3, IPSO 3.4 and VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 Service Pack 4, and IPSO 3.4 or IPSO 3.4.1 and VPN-1/FireWall-1 4.1 Service Pack 5, when SYN Defender is configured in Active Gateway mode, does not properly rewrite the third packet of a TCP three-way handshake to use the NAT IP address, which allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Cherokee Web Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
      Cherokee web server before 0.2.7 does not properly drop root privileges after binding to port 80, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges via other vulnerabilities.
      Cisco IOS 12.0(5)XU through 12.1(2) allows remote attackers to read system administration and topology information via an "snmp-server host" command, which creates a readable "community" community string if one has not been previously created.
      inetd in Compaq Tru64 UNIX 5.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (network connection loss) by causing one of the services handled by inetd to core dump during startup, which causes inetd to stop accepting connections to all of its services.
      Dallas Semiconductor iButton DS1991 returns predictable values when given an incorrect password, which makes it easier for users with physical access to conduct dictionary attacks against the device password.
      New version DS1963S corrects problem.
      easyScripts easyNews 1.5 allows remote attackers to obtain the full path of the web root via a view request with a non-integer news message id field, which leaks the path in a PHP error message when the script times out.
      Handspring Visor 1.0 and 1.0.1 with the VisorPhone Springboard module installed allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (PalmOS crash and VisorPhone database corruption) by sending a large or crafted SMS image.
      Buffer overflow in the text editor functionality in HP-UX 10.01 through 11.04 on HP9000 Series 700 and Series 800 allows local users to cause a denial of service ("system availability") via text editors such as (1) e, (2) ex, (3) vi, (4) edit, (5) view, and (6) vedit.
      Unknown vulnerability in login for AIX 5.1L, when using loadable authentication modules, allows remote attackers to gain access to the system.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in VisualAge for Java 3.5 Professional allows remote attackers to execute JavaScript on other clients via the URL, which injects the script in the resulting error message.
      Buffer overflow in innfeed for ISC InterNetNews (INN) before 2.3.0 allows local users in the "news" group to gain privileges via a long -c command line argument.
      INN 2.3.0 fixes problem.
      KTH Kerberos IV and Kerberos V (Heimdal) for Telnet clients do not encrypt connections if the server does not support the requested encryption, which allows remote attackers to read communications via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      The Kerberos Telnet protocol, as implemented by KTH Kerberos IV and Kerberos V (Heimdal), does not encrypt authentication and encryption options sent from the server, which allows remote attackers to downgrade authentication and encryption mechanisms via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      Unknown vulnerability in the SMTP server in Lotus Domino 5.0 through 5.7 allows remote attackers to bypass mail relaying restrictions via crafted e-mail addresses in "RCPT TO" commands.
      Upgrade to R5.0.8 to resolve the problem.
      Find-By-Content in Mac OS X 10.0 through 10.0.4 creates world-readable index files named .FBCIndex in every directory, which allows remote attackers to learn the contents of files in web accessible directories.
      It is reported that this issue is addressed in the Apple Mac OS X and Mac OS X Server release versions 10.2 and above. This is not confirmed. 
      NetInfo Manager for Mac OS X 10.0 through 10.1 allows local users to gain root privileges by opening applications using the (1) "recent items" and (2) "services" menus, which causes the applications to run with root privileges.
      Magic eDeveloper Enterprise Edition 8.30-5 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and possibly execute code via a symlink attack on temporary files created by the (1) mkuserproc, (2) mgrnt, and (3) mgdatasrvr.sc scripts.
      The default installation of Apache before 1.3.19 on Mandrake Linux 7.1 through 8.0 and Linux Corporate Server 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to list the directory index of arbitrary web directories.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 through 6.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (browser crash) via a crafted FTP URL such as "/.#./".
      Memory leak in the SNMP LAN Manager (LANMAN) MIB extension for Microsoft Windows 2000 before SP3, when the Print Spooler is not running, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large number of GET or GETNEXT requests.
      By default, DNS servers on Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 Server cache glue records received from non-delegated name servers, which allows remote attackers to poison the DNS cache via spoofed DNS responses.
      Buffer overflow in libmysqlclient.so in MySQL 3.23.33 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long host parameter.
      Upgrade to the latest version of MySQL (3.23.33 or later) for fix.
      Buffer overflow in MySQL before 3.23.33 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long drop database request.
      Netegrity SiteMinder 3.6 through 4.5.1 allows remote attackers to bypass filtering via URLs containing Unicode characters.
      Buffer overflow in the (1) smap/smapd and (2) CSMAP daemons for Gauntlet Firewall 5.0 through 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a crafted mail message.
      Buffer overflow in CrazyWWWBoard 2000p4 and 2000LEp5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP_USER_AGENT CGI environment variable.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Novell GroupWise 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a request for /servlet/webacc?User.html= that contains "../" (dot dot) sequences and a null character.
      OpenSSH 2.9 and earlier does not initiate a Pluggable Authentication Module (PAM) session if commands are executed with no pty, which allows local users to bypass resource limits (rlimits) set in pam.d.
      SQL injection vulnerability in article.php in PostNuke 0.62 through 0.64 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via the user parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in WebID in RSA Security SecurID 5.0 as used by ACE/Agent for Windows, Windows NT and Windows 2000 allows attackers to access restricted resources via URL-encoded (1) /.. or (2) \.. sequences.
      WebID in RSA Security SecurID 5.0 as used by ACE/Agent for Windows, Windows NT and Windows 2000 allows attackers to cause the WebID agent to enter debug mode via a URL containing null characters, which may allow attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      The remote administration client for RhinoSoft Serv-U 3.0 sends the user password in plaintext even when S/KEY One-Time Password (OTP) authentication is enabled, which allows remote attackers to sniff passwords.
      Crystal Reports, when displaying data for a password protected database using HTML pages, embeds the username and password in cleartext in the HTML page and the URL, which allows remote attackers to obtain passwords.
      SurfControl SuperScout only filters packets containing both an HTTP GET request and a Host header, which allows local users to bypass filtering by fragmenting packets so that no packet contains both data elements.
      Buffer overflow in VanDyke SecureCRT before 3.4.2, when using the SSH-1 protocol, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long (1) username or (2) password.
      mkpasswd in expect 5.2.8, as used by Red Hat Linux 6.2 through 7.0, seeds its random number generator with its process ID, which limits the space of possible seeds and makes it easier for attackers to conduct brute force password attacks.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in checklogin.php in phpSecurePages 0.24 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by modifying the cfgProgDir parameter to reference a URL on a remote web server that contains the code.
      The RC4 stream cipher as used by SSH1 allows remote attackers to modify messages without detection by XORing the original message's cyclic redundancy check (CRC) with the CRC of a mask consisting of all the bits of the original message that were modified.
      The IDEA cipher as implemented by SSH1 does not protect the final block of a message against modification, which allows remote attackers to modify the block without detection by changing its cyclic redundancy check (CRC) to match the modifications to the message.
      prefs.php in phpBB 1.4.0 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary PHP code via an invalid language value, which prevents the variables (1) $l_statsblock in prefs.php or (2) $l_privnotify in auth.php from being properly initialized, which can be modified by the user and later used in an eval statement.
      SQL injection vulnerability in prefs.php in phpBB 1.4.0 and 1.4.1 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary SQL commands and gain administrative access via the viewemail parameter.
      The SSH-1 protocol allows remote servers to conduct man-in-the-middle attacks and replay a client challenge response to a target server by creating a Session ID that matches the Session ID of the target, but which uses a public key pair that is weaker than the target's public key, which allows the attacker to compute the corresponding private key and use the target's Session ID with the compromised key pair to masquerade as the target.
      SSH before 2.0 disables host key checking when connecting to the localhost, which allows remote attackers to silently redirect connections to the localhost by poisoning the client's DNS cache.
      SSH before 2.0, when using RC4 and password authentication, allows remote attackers to replay messages until a new server key (VK) is generated.
      SSH before 2.0, with RC4 encryption and the "disallow NULL passwords" option enabled, makes it easier for remote attackers to guess portions of user passwords by replaying user sessions with certain modifications, which trigger different messages depending on whether the guess is correct or not.
      The Domain gateway in BEA Tuxedo 7.1 does not perform authorization checks for imported services and qspaces on remote domains, even when an ACL exists, which allows users to access services in a remote domain.
      Buffer overflow in xlock in UnixWare 7.1.0 and 7.1.1 and Open Unix 8.0.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code.
      smcboot in Sun SMC (Sun Management Center) 2.0 in Solaris 8 allows local users to delete arbitrary files via a symlink attack on /tmp/smc$SMC_PORT.
      Java Runtime Environment (JRE) and SDK 1.2 through 1.3.0_04 allows untrusted applets to access the system clipboard.
      Xitami 2.4 through 2.5 b4 stores the Administrator password in plaintext in the default.aut file, whose default permissions are world-readable, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      SQL injection vulnerability in bb_memberlist.php for phpBB 1.4.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries via the $sortby variable.
      One-Time Passwords In Everything (a.k.a OPIE) 2.32 and 2.4 allows remote attackers to determine the existence of user accounts by printing random passphrases if the user account does not exist and static passphrases if the user account does exist.
      Alcatel ADSL modems allow remote attackers to access the Trivial File Transfer Protocol (TFTP) to modify firmware and configuration via a bounce attack from a system on the local area network (LAN) side, which is allowed to access TFTP without authentication.
      popauth utility in Qualcomm Qpopper 4.0 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and execute commands as the pop user via a symlink attack on the -trace file option.
      Open Projects Network Internet Relay Chat (IRC) daemon u2.10.05.18 does not perform a double-reverse DNS lookup, which allows remote attackers to spoof any valid hostname on the Internet.  NOTE: a followup post suggests that this is not an issue in the daemon.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and memory leak) via a web page with a large number of images.
      Mozilla 0.9.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and memory leak) via a web page with a large number of images.
      Opera 5.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and memory leak) via a web page with a large number of images.
      script command in the util-linux package before 2.11n allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files by setting a hardlink from the typescript log file to any file on the system, then having root execute the script command.
      network_query.php in Network Query Tool 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the target parameter.
      Off-by-one buffer overflow in Basic Authentication in Acme Labs thttpd 1.95 through 2.20 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 4.0 through 6.0 could allow local users to differentiate between alphanumeric and non-alphanumeric characters used in a password by pressing certain control keys that jump between non-alphanumeric characters, which makes it easier to conduct a brute-force password guessing attack.
      Buffer overflow in mod_bf 0.2 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via a long script.
      Check Point VPN-1 4.1SP4 using SecuRemote returns different error messages for valid and invalid users, with prompts that vary depending on the authentication method being used, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct brute force attacks.
      ProFTPD 1.2.2rc2, and possibly other versions, does not properly verify reverse-resolved hostnames by performing forward resolution, which allows remote attackers to bypass ACLs or cause an incorrect client hostname to be logged.
      The glob functionality in ProFTPD 1.2.1, and possibly other versions allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via commands with large numbers of wildcard and other special characters, as demonstrated using an ls command with multiple (1) "*/..", (2) "*/.*", or (3) ".*./*?/" sequences in the argument.
      webcart.cgi in Mountain Network Systems WebCart 8.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the NEXTPAGE parameter.
      The finger daemon (in.fingerd) in Sun Solaris 2.5 through 8 and SunOS 5.5 through 5.8 allows remote attackers to list all accounts on a host by typing finger 'a b c d e f g h'@host.
      Lotus Notes R5 Client 4.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a Lotus Notes object with code in an event, which is automatically executed when the user processes the e-mail message.
      tinc 1.0pre3 and 1.0pre4 allows remote attackers to inject data into user sessions by sniffing and replaying packets.
      Unknown vulnerability in the file system protection subsystem in HP Secure OS Software for Linux 1.0 allows additional user privileges on some files beyond what is specified in the file system protection rules, which allows local users to conduct unauthorized operations on restricted files.
      OpenSSH before 3.0.1 with Kerberos V enabled does not properly authenticate users, which could allow remote attackers to login unchallenged.
      Buffer overflow in lpstat in SCO OpenServer 5.0 through 5.0.6a allows local users to execute arbitrary code as group bin via a long command line argument.
      geteuid in Itanium Architecture (IA) running on HP-UX 11.20 does not properly identify a user's effective user id, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Allaire JRun 2.3.3, 3.0 and 3.1 running on IIS 4.0 and 5.0, iPlanet, Apache, JRun web server (JWS), and possibly other web servers allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and directories by appending (1) "%3f.jsp", (2) "?.jsp" or (3) "?" to the requested URL.
      JRun 3.0 and 3.1 running on JRun Web Server (JWS) and IIS allows remote attackers to read arbitrary JavaServer Pages (JSP) source code via a request URL containing the source filename ending in (1) "jsp%00" or (2) "js%2570".
      Unknown vulnerability in Allaire JRun 3.1 allows remote attackers to directly access the WEB-INF and META-INF directories and execute arbitrary JavaServer Pages (JSP), a variant of CVE-2000-1050.
      Macromedia JRun 3.0 and 3.1 allows remote attackers to obtain duplicate active user session IDs and perform actions as other users via a URL request for the web application directory without the trailing '/' (slash), as demonstrated using ctx.
      ColdFusion 4.5 and 5, when running on Windows with the advanced security sandbox type set to "operating system," does not properly pass security context to (1) child processes created with <CFEXECUTE> and (2) child processes that call the CreateProcess function and are executed with <CFOBJECT> or end with the CFX extension, which allows attackers to execute programs with the permissions of the System account.
      Macintosh clients, when using NT file system volumes on Windows 2000 SP1, create subdirectories and automatically modify the inherited NTFS permissions, which may cause the directories to have less restrictive permissions than intended.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phpReview 0.9.0 rc2 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via user-submitted reviews.
      ** DISPUTED ** RunAs (runas.exe) in Windows 2000 stores cleartext authentication information in memory, which could allow attackers to obtain usernames and passwords by executing a process that is allocated the same memory page after termination of a RunAs command.  NOTE: the vendor disputes this issue, saying that administrative privileges are already required to exploit it, and the original researcher did not respond to requests for additional information.
      RunAs (runas.exe) in Windows 2000 only creates one session instance at a time, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (RunAs hang) by creating a named pipe session with the authentication server without any request for service.  NOTE: the vendor disputes this vulnerability, however the vendor also presents a scenario in which other users could be affected if running on a Terminal Server. Therefore this is a vulnerability.
      ** DISPUTED ** RunAs (runas.exe) in Windows 2000 allows local users to create a spoofed named pipe when the service is stopped, then capture cleartext usernames and passwords when clients connect to the service.  NOTE: the vendor disputes this issue, saying that administrative privileges are already required to exploit it.
      Xircom REX 6000 allows local users to obtain the 10 digit PIN by starting a serial monitor, connecting to the personal digital assistant (PDA) via Rextools, and capturing the cleartext PIN.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in user.php in PostNuke 0.64 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the uname parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in im.php in IMessenger for PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a message.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the DMOZGateway module for PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the topic parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHP-Nuke 5.3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) uname parameter in user.php, (2) ttitle, letter and file parameters in modules.php, (3) subject, story and storyext parameters in submit.php, (4) upload parameter in admin.php and (5) fname parameter in friend.php.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the comments action in easyNews 1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify news.dat, template.dat and possibly other files via a ".." in the cid parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the comments action in index.php in easyNews 1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the zeit parameter.
      easyNews 1.5 and earlier stores administration passwords in cleartext in settings.php, which allows local users to obtain the passwords and gain access.
      AmTote International homebet program returns different error messages when invalid account numbers and PIN codes are provided, which allows remote attackers to determine the existence of valid account numbers via a brute force attack.
      Buffer overflow in rpc.yppasswdd (yppasswd server) in AIX allows attackers to gain unauthorized access via a long string.  NOTE: due to lack of details in the vendor advisory, it is not clear if this is the same issue as CVE-2001-0779.
      run.cgi in Webmin 0.80 and 0.88 creates temporary files with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in Claris Emailer 2.0v2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an email attachment with a long filename.
      WebX stores authentication information in the HTTP_REFERER variable, which is included in URL links within bulletin board messages posted by users, which could allow remote attackers to hijack user sessions.
      ** DISPUTED * Microsoft Internet Security and Acceleration (ISA) Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of fragmented UDP packets.  NOTE: the vendor disputes this issue, saying that it requires high bandwidth to exploit, and the server does not experience any instability.  Therefore this "laws of physics" issue might not be included in CVE.
      mod_usertrack in Apache 1.3.11 through 1.3.20 generates session ID's using predictable information including host IP address, system time and server process ID, which allows local users to obtain session ID's and bypass authentication when these session ID's are used for authentication.
      Slashcode 2.0 creates new accounts with an 8-character random password, which could allow local users to obtain session ID's from cookies and gain unauthorized access via a brute force attack.
      Autogalaxy stores usernames and passwords in cleartext in cookies, which makes it easier for remote attackers to obtain authentication information and gain unauthorized access via sniffing or a cross-site scripting attack.
      The default "basic" security setting' in config.php for TWIG webmail 2.7.4 and earlier stores cleartext usernames and passwords in cookies, which could allow attackers to obtain authentication information and gain privileges.
      SpeedXess HA-120 DSL router has a default administrative password of "speedxess", which allows remote attackers to gain access.
      Stack consumption vulnerability in Internet Explorer The JavaScript settimeout function in Internet Explorer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via the JavaScript settimeout function.  NOTE: the vendor could not reproduce the problem.
      IPRoute 0.973, 0.974 and 1.18 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via fragmented IP packets that split the TCP header.
      Buffer overflow in Unix-to-Unix Copy Protocol (UUCP) in BSDI BSD/OS 3.0 through 4.2 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long command line argument.
      NAI WebShield SMTP 4.5 and possibly 4.5 MR1a does not filter improperly MIME encoded email attachments, which could allow remote attackers to bypass filtering and possibly execute arbitrary code in email clients that process the invalid attachments.
      Axis network camera 2120, 2110, 2100, 200+ and 200 contains a default administration password "pass", which allows remote attackers to gain access to the camera.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Macromedia JRun Web Server (JWS) 2.3.3, 3.0 and 3.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTP GET request.
      Macromedia JRun 3.0 and 3.1 appends the jsessionid to URL requests (a.k.a. rewriting) when client browsers have cookies enabled, which allows remote attackers to obtain session IDs and hijack sessions via HTTP referrer fields or sniffing.
      Pathways Homecare 6.5 uses weak encryption for user names and passwords, which allows local users to gain privileges by recovering the passwords from the pwhc.ini file.
      Outlook Express 6.0, with "Do not allow attachments to be saved or opened that could potentially be a virus" enabled, does not block email attachments from forwarded messages, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      ZoneAlarm 2.1 through 2.6 and ZoneAlarm Pro 2.4 and 2.6 allows local users to bypass filtering via non-standard TCP packets created with non-Windows protocol adapters.
      Tiny Personal Firewall 1.0 and 2.0 allows local users to bypass filtering via non-standard TCP packets created with non-Windows protocol adapters.
      CentraOne 5.2 and Centra ASP with basic authentication enabled creates world-writable base64 encoded log files, which allows local users to obtain cleartext passwords from decoded log files and impersonate users.
      Linux kernel 2.2.19 enables CAP_SYS_RESOURCE for setuid processes, which allows local users to exceed disk quota restrictions during execution of setuid programs.
      ssdpsrv.exe in Windows ME allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by sending multiple newlines in a Simple Service Discovery Protocol (SSDP) message.  NOTE: multiple replies to the original post state that the problem could not be reproduced.
      Buffer overflow in setiathome for SETI@home 3.03, if installed setuid, could allow local users to execute arbitrary code via long command line options (1) socks_server, (2) socks_user, and (3) socks_passwd. NOTE: since the default configuration of setiathome is not setuid, perhaps this issue should not be included in CVE.
      IBM AIX 430 does not properly unlock IPPMTU_LOCK, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via Path Maximum Transmit Unit (PMTU) IP packets.
      pt_chmod in Solaris 8 does not call fdetach to reset terminal privileges when users log out of terminals, which allows local users to write to other users' terminals by modifying the ACL of a TTY.
      The log files in Apache web server contain information directly supplied by clients and does not filter or quote control characters, which could allow remote attackers to hide HTTP requests and spoof source IP addresses when logs are viewed with UNIX programs such as cat, tail, and grep.
      Buffer overflow in ftpd in IBM AIX 4.3 and 5.1 allows attackers to gain privileges.
      Unknown vulnerability in IP defragmenter (frag2) in Snort before 1.8.3 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash).
      The uipc system calls (uipc_syscalls.c) in OpenBSD 2.9 and 3.0 provide user mode return instead of versus rval kernel mode values to the fdrelease function, which allows local users to cause a denial of service and trigger a null dereference.
      Win32k.sys (aka Graphics Device Interface (GDI)) in Windows 2000 and XP allows local users to cause a denial of service (system crash) by calling the ShowWindow function after receiving a WM_NCCREATE message.
      Buffer overflow in Xvt 2.1 in Debian Linux 2.2 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via long (1) -name and (2) -T arguments.
      Format string vulnerability in nvi before 1.79 allows local users to gain privileges via format string specifiers in a filename.
      Unknown vulnerability in Tomcat 3.2.1 running on HP Secure OS for Linux 1.0 allows attackers to access servlet resources.  NOTE: due to the vagueness of the vendor advisory, it is not clear whether this issue is already covered by other CVE identifiers.
      setrlimit in HP-UX 10.01, 10.10, 10.24, 10.20, 11.00, 11.04 and 11.11 does not properly enforce core file size on processes after setuid or setgid privileges are dropped, which could allow local users to cause a denial of service by exhausting available disk space.
      Point to Point Protocol daemon (pppd) in MacOS x 10.0 and 10.1 through 10.1.5 provides the username and password on the command line, which allows local users to obtain authentication information via the ps command.
      Format string vulnerability in libvanessa_logger 0.0.1 in Perdition 0.1.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in the __vanessa_logger_log function.
      Lotus Domino server 5.0.9a and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass security restrictions and view Notes database files and possibly sensitive Notes template files (.ntf) via an HTTP request with a large number of "+" characters before the .nsf file extension, which are converted to spaces by Domino.
      CMG WAP gateway does not verify the fully qualified domain name URL with X.509 certificates from root certificate authorities, which allows remote attackers to spoof SSL certificates via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      Openwave WAP gateway does not verify the fully qualified domain name URL with X.509 certificates from root certificate authorities, which allows remote attackers to spoof SSL certificates via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      Windows XP with fast user switching and account lockout enabled allows local users to deny user account access by setting the fast user switch to the same user (self) multiple times, which causes other accounts to be locked out.
      The Remote Desktop client in Windows XP sends the most recent user account name in cleartext, which could allow remote attackers to obtain terminal server user account names via sniffing.
      The MAC module in Netfilter in Linux kernel 2.4.1 through 2.4.11, when configured to filter based on MAC addresses, allows remote attackers to bypass packet filters via small packets.
      Buffer overflow in smtpscan.dll for Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall 3.51 for Windows NT has allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain configuration parameter.
      Buffer overflow in (1) HttpSaveCVP.dll and (2) HttpSaveCSP.dll in Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall 3.5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      Apple Personal Web Sharing (PWS) 1.1, 1.5, and 1.5.5, when Web Sharing authentication is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long password, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      Buffer overflow in cron in Caldera UnixWare 7 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a command line argument.
      Unknown vulnerability in CDE in Caldera OpenUnix 7.1.0, 7.1.1, and 8.0 allows an xterm session to gain privileges when the session is reused.
      Unknown vulnerability in SCO OpenServer 5.0.6 and earlier allows local users to modify critical information such as certain CPU registers and segment descriptors.
      The timed program (in.timed) in UnixWare 7 and OpenUnix 8.0.0 does not properly terminate certain strings with a null, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ScriptEase viewcode.jse for Netware 5.1 before 5.1 SP3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ".." sequences in the query string.
      The File Blocker feature in Clearswift MAILsweeper for SMTP 4.2 allows remote attackers to bypass e-mail attachment filtering policies via a modified name in a Content-Type header.
      Buffer overflow in the LDAP naming services library (libsldap) in Sun Solaris 8 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long LDAP_OPTIONS environment variable to a privileged program that uses libsldap.
      lpd daemon (in.lpd) in Solaris 8 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a job request with a crafted control file that is not properly handled when lpd invokes a mail program. NOTE: this might be the same vulnerability as CVE-2000-1220.
      CardBoard 2.4 greeting card CGI by Michael Barretto allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the recipient field.
      SSH protocol 2 (aka SSH-2) public key authentication in the development snapshot of OpenSSH 2.3.1, available from 2001-01-18 through 2001-02-08, does not perform a challenge-response step to ensure that the client has the proper private key, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication as other users by supplying a public key from that user's authorized_keys file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SimpleServer:WWW 1.13 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary programs via encoded ../ ("%2E%2E%2F%") sequences in a request to the cgi-bin/ directory, a different vulnerability than CVE-2000-0664.
      NWFTPD.nlm before 5.01w in the FTP server in Novell NetWare allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (abend) via an anonymous STOU command.
      The tempname_ensure function in lib/routines.h in a2ps 4.14 and earlier, as used by the spy_user function and possibly other functions, allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a temporary file.
      GE Healthcare eNTEGRA P&R has a password of (1) entegra for the entegra user, (2) passme for the super user of the Polestar/Polestar-i Starlink 4 upgrade, (3) 0 for the entegra user of the Codonics printer FTP service, (4) eNTEGRA for the eNTEGRA P&R user account, (5) insite for the WinVNC Login, and possibly other accounts, which has unspecified impact and attack vectors.  NOTE: it is not clear whether this password is default, hardcoded, or dependent on another system or product that requires a fixed value.
      Vulnerability in RFC822 address parser in mutt before 1.2.5.1 and mutt 1.3.x before 1.3.25 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an improperly terminated comment or phrase in the address list.
      Format string vulnerability in stunnel before 3.22 when used in client mode for (1) smtp, (2) pop, or (3) nntp allows remote malicious servers to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in the preprocessor in groff 1.16 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain privileges via lpd in the LPRng printing system.
      Heap corruption vulnerability in the "at" program allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a malformed execution time, which causes at to free the same memory twice.
      Buffer overflow in AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.7.2480, 4.8.2616, and other versions allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument in a game request (AddGame).
      XChat 1.8.7 and earlier, including default configurations of 1.4.2 and 1.4.3, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary IRC commands as other clients via encoded characters in a PRIVMSG command that calls CTCP PING, which expands the characters in the client response when the percascii variable is set.
      CGI.pl in Bugzilla before 2.14.1, when using LDAP, allows remote attackers to obtain an anonymous bind to the LDAP server via a request that does not include a password, which causes a null password to be sent to the LDAP server.
      Bugzilla before 2.14.1 allows remote attackers to (1) spoof a user comment via an HTTP request to process_bug.cgi using the "who" parameter, instead of the Bugzilla_login cookie, or (2) post a bug as another user by modifying the reporter parameter to enter_bug.cgi, which is passed to post_bug.cgi.
      show_bug.cgi in Bugzilla before 2.14.1 allows a user with "Bugs Access" privileges to see other products that are not accessible to the user, by submitting a bug and reading the resulting Product pulldown menu.
      Bugzilla before 2.14.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary SQL code and create files or gain privileges via (1) the sql parameter in buglist.cgi, (2) invalid field names from the "boolean chart" query in buglist.cgi, (3) the mybugslink parameter in userprefs.cgi, (4) a malformed bug ID in the buglist parameter in long_list.cgi, and (5) the value parameter in editusers.cgi, which allows groupset privileges to be modified by attackers with blessgroupset privileges.
      Information leak in doeditvotes.cgi in Bugzilla before 2.14.1 may allow remote attackers to more easily conduct attacks on the login.
      Vulnerabilities in a large number of SNMP implementations allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or gain privileges via SNMPv1 trap handling, as demonstrated by the PROTOS c06-SNMPv1 test suite.  NOTE: It is highly likely that this candidate will be SPLIT into multiple candidates, one or more for each vendor.  This and other SNMP-related candidates will be updated when more accurate information is available.
      Vulnerabilities in the SNMPv1 request handling of a large number of SNMP implementations allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or gain privileges via (1) GetRequest, (2) GetNextRequest, and (3) SetRequest messages, as demonstrated by the PROTOS c06-SNMPv1 test suite.  NOTE: It is highly likely that this candidate will be SPLIT into multiple candidates, one or more for each vendor.  This and other SNMP-related candidates will be updated when more accurate information is available.
      URL-handling code in Pine 4.43 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a URL enclosed in single quotes and containing shell metacharacters (&).
      Buffer overflow in SNMP daemon (snmpd) on SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.15m allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an SNMP request.
      In Microsoft Windows NT and Windows 2000, a trusting domain that receives authorization information from a trusted domain does not verify that the trusted domain is authoritative for all listed SIDs, which allows remote attackers to gain Domain Administrator privileges on the trusting domain by injecting SIDs from untrusted domains into the authorization data that comes from from the trusted domain.
      Buffer overflow in telnet server in Windows 2000 and Interix 2.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via malformed protocol options.
      Network Product Identification (PID) Checker in Microsoft Office v. X for Mac allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed product announcement.
      Buffer overflow in the implementation of an HTML directive in mshtml.dll in Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a web page that specifies embedded ActiveX controls in a way that causes 2 Unicode strings to be concatenated.
      Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via malformed requests to the GetObject function, which bypass some of GetObject's security checks.
      File Download box in Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5 and 6.0 allows an attacker to use the Content-Disposition and Content-Type HTML header fields to modify how the name of the file is displayed, which could trick a user into believing that a file is safe to download.
      Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5 and 6.0 does not properly handle the Content-Type HTML header field, which allows remote attackers to modify which application is used to process a document.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to bypass restrictions for executing scripts via an object that processes asynchronous events after the initial security checks have been made.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to read certain files and spoof the URL in the address bar by using the Document.open function to pass information between two frames from different domains, a new variant of the "Frame Domain Verification" vulnerability described in MS:MS01-058/CAN-2001-0874.
      Buffer overflow in ICQ before 2001B Beta v5.18 Build #3659 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a Voice Video & Games request.
      Buffer overflows in the DNS stub resolver library in ISC BIND 4.9.2 through 4.9.10, and other derived libraries such as BSD libc and GNU glibc, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via DNS server responses that trigger the overflow in the (1) getnetbyname, or (2) getnetbyaddr functions, aka "LIBRESOLV: buffer overrun" and a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-0684.
      The digital signature mechanism for the Adobe Acrobat PDF viewer only verifies the PE header of executable code for a plug-in, which can allow attackers to execute arbitrary code in certified mode by making the plug-in appear to be signed by Adobe.
      Buffer overflows in Yahoo! Messenger 5,0,0,1064 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a ymsgr URI with long arguments to (1) call, (2) sendim, (3) getimv, (4) chat, (5) addview, or (6) addfriend.
      Yahoo! Messenger 5,0,0,1064 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via the addview parameter of a ymsgr URI.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in cfsd_calloc function of Solaris cachefsd allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a request with a long directory and cache name.
      The Microsoft CONVERT.EXE program, when used on Windows 2000 and Windows XP systems, does not apply the default NTFS permissions when converting a FAT32 file system, which could cause the conversion to produce a file system with less secure permissions than expected.
      Integer signedness error in MIT Kerberos V5 ASN.1 decoder before krb5 1.2.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a large unsigned data element length, which is later used as a negative value.
      Lotus Domino Servers 5.x, 4.6x, and 4.5x allows attackers to bypass the intended Reader and Author access list for a document's object via a Notes API call (NSFDbReadObject) that directly accesses the object.
      Vulnerability in the cache-limiting function of the unified name service daemon (nsd) in IRIX 6.5.4 through 6.5.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by forcing the cache to fill the disk.
      rpcbind in SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.15f, and possibly earlier versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed RPC packets with invalid lengths.
      Vulnerability in SGI IRIX 6.5.11 through 6.5.15f allows local users to cause privileged applications to dump core via the HOSTALIASES environment variable, which might allow the users to gain privileges.
      Unknown vulnerability in Mail for SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.15f, and possibly earlier versions, when running with the -R option, allows local and remote attackers to cause a core dump.
      Vulnerability in the XFS file system for SGI IRIX before 6.5.12 allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang) by creating a file that is not properly processed by XFS.
      sudo 1.6.0 through 1.6.3p7 does not properly clear the environment before calling the mail program, which could allow local users to gain root privileges by modifying environment variables and changing how the mail program is invoked.
      GNU Enscript 1.6.1 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files of the Enscript user via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      slapd in OpenLDAP 2.0 through 2.0.19 allows local users, and anonymous users before 2.0.8, to conduct a "replace" action on access controls without any values, which causes OpenLDAP to delete non-mandatory attributes that would otherwise be protected by ACLs.
      Linux kernel, and possibly other operating systems, allows remote attackers to read portions of memory via a series of fragmented ICMP packets that generate an ICMP TTL Exceeded response, which includes portions of the memory in the response packet.
      CIPE VPN package before 1.3.0-3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a short malformed packet.
      Multiple signedness errors (mixed signed and unsigned numbers) in the I/O functions of rsync 2.4.6, 2.3.2, and other versions allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and execute arbitrary code in the rsync client or server.
      Microsoft Exchange Server 2000 System Attendant gives "Everyone" group privileges to the WinReg key, which could allow remote attackers to read or modify registry keys.
      Buffer overflow in AuthFilter ISAPI filter on Microsoft Commerce Server 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long authentication data.
      Windows 2000 allows local users to prevent the application of new group policy settings by opening Group Policy files with exclusive-read access.
      Internet Explorer 6.0 and earlier does not properly handle VBScript in certain domain security checks, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in SNMP agent service in Windows 95/98/98SE, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, and Windows XP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via a malformed management request.  NOTE: this candidate may be split or merged with other candidates.  This and other PROTOS-related candidates, especially CVE-2002-0012 and CVE-2002-0013, will be updated when more accurate information is available.
      SMTP service in (1) Microsoft Windows 2000 and (2) Internet Mail Connector (IMC) in Exchange Server 5.5 does not properly handle responses to NTLM authentication, which allows remote attackers to perform mail relaying via an SMTP AUTH command using null session credentials.
      SMTP service in Microsoft Windows 2000, Windows XP Professional, and Exchange 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a command with a malformed data transfer (BDAT) request.
      Buffer overflow in SQL Server 7.0 and 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long OLE DB provider name to (1) OpenDataSource or (2) OpenRowset in an ad hoc connection.
      XMLHTTP control in Microsoft XML Core Services 2.6 and later does not properly handle IE Security Zone settings, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying a local file as an XML Data Source.
      Vulnerability in Java Runtime Environment (JRE) allows remote malicious web sites to hijack or sniff a web client's sessions, when an HTTP proxy is being used, via a Java applet that redirects the session to another server, as seen in (1) Netscape 6.0 through 6.1 and 4.79 and earlier, (2) Microsoft VM build 3802 and earlier as used in Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x, and possibly other implementations that use vulnerable versions of SDK or JDK.
      The decompression algorithm in zlib 1.1.3 and earlier, as used in many different utilities and packages, causes inflateEnd to release certain memory more than once (a "double free"), which may allow local and remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a block of malformed compression data.
      IRC connection tracking helper module in the netfilter subsystem for Linux 2.4.18-pre9 and earlier does not properly set the mask for conntrack expectations for incoming DCC connections, which could allow remote attackers to bypass intended firewall restrictions.
      Apache for Win32 before 1.3.24, and 2.0.x before 2.0.34-beta, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters (a | pipe character) provided as arguments to batch (.bat) or .cmd scripts, which are sent unfiltered to the shell interpreter, typically cmd.exe.
      Buffer overflow in ncurses 5.0, and the ncurses4 compatibility package as used in Red Hat Linux, allows local users to gain privileges, related to "routines for moving the physical cursor and scrolling."
      Buffer overflow in ippRead function of CUPS before 1.1.14 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via long attribute names or language values.
      Funk Software Proxy Host 3.x is installed with insecure permissions for the registry and the file system.
      Funk Software Proxy Host 3.x uses weak encryption for the Proxy Host password, which allows local users to gain privileges by recovering the passwords from the PHOST.INI file or the Windows registry.
      Funk Software Proxy Host 3.x before 3.09A creates a Named Pipe that does not require authentication and is installed with insecure access control, which allows local and possibly remote users to use the Proxy Host's configuration utilities and gain privileges.
      Squid 2.4 STABLE3 and earlier does not properly disable HTCP, even when "htcp_port 0" is specified in squid.conf, which could allow remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions.
      Squid 2.4 STABLE3 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (core dump) and possibly execute arbitrary code with an ftp:// URL with a larger number of special characters, which exceed the buffer when Squid URL-escapes the characters.
      Memory leak in SNMP in Squid 2.4 STABLE3 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in Windows Shell (used as the Windows Desktop) allows local and possibly remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a custom URL handler that has not been removed for an application that has been improperly uninstalled.
      Buffer overflow in the ism.dll ISAPI extension that implements HTR scripting in Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0 and 5.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via HTR requests with long variable names.
      The w3svc.dll ISAPI filter in Front Page Server Extensions and ASP.NET for Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0, 5.0, and 5.1 does not properly handle the error condition when a long URL is provided, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) when the URL parser accesses a null pointer.
      The FTP service in Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0, 5.0 and 5.1 allows attackers who have established an FTP session to cause a denial of service via a specially crafted status request containing glob characters.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Help File search facility for Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0, 5.0 and 5.1 allows remote attackers to embed scripts into another user's session.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability for Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0, 5.0 and 5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other web users via the error message used in a URL redirect (""302 Object Moved") message.
      Java Runtime Environment (JRE) Bytecode Verifier allows remote attackers to escape the Java sandbox and execute commands via an applet containing an illegal cast operation, as seen in (1) Microsoft VM build 3802 and earlier as used in Internet Explorer 4.x and 5.x, (2) Netscape 6.2.1 and earlier, and possibly other implementations that use vulnerable versions of SDK or JDK, aka a variant of the "Virtual Machine Verifier" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5 and 6.0 treats objects invoked on an HTML page with the codebase property as part of Local Computer zone, which allows remote attackers to invoke executables present on the local system through objects such as the popup object, aka the "Local Executable Invocation via Object tag" vulnerability.
      The zone determination function in Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to run scripts in the Local Computer zone by embedding the script in a cookie, aka the "Cookie-based Script Execution" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in the chunked encoding transfer mechanism in Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0 and 5.0 Active Server Pages allows attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code.
      rsync, when running in daemon mode, does not properly call setgroups before dropping privileges, which could provide supplemental group privileges to local users, who could then read certain files that would otherwise be disallowed.
      Buffer overflows in (1) php_mime_split in PHP 4.1.0, 4.1.1, and 4.0.6 and earlier, and (2) php3_mime_split in PHP 3.0.x allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a multipart/form-data HTTP POST request when file_uploads is enabled.
      The dbm and shm session cache code in mod_ssl before 2.8.7-1.3.23, and Apache-SSL before 1.3.22+1.46, does not properly initialize memory using the i2d_SSL_SESSION function, which allows remote attackers to use a buffer overflow to execute arbitrary code via a large client certificate that is signed by a trusted Certificate Authority (CA), which produces a large serialized session.
      Off-by-one error in the channel code of OpenSSH 2.0 through 3.0.2 allows local users or remote malicious servers to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in the fscache_setup function of cachefsd in Solaris 2.6, 7, and 8 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long mount argument.
      cachefsd in Solaris 2.6, 7, and 8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an invalid procedure call in an RPC request.
      Buffer overflow in bindsock in Lotus Domino 5.0.4 and 5.0.7 on Linux allows local users to gain root privileges via a long (1) Notes_ExecDirectory or (2) PATH environment variable.
      bindsock in Lotus Domino 5.07 on Solaris allows local users to create arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Buffer overflow in admintool in Solaris 2.6, 7, and 8 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long media installation path.
      Buffer overflow in admintool in Solaris 2.5 through 8 allows local users to gain root privileges via long arguments to (1) the -d command line option, or (2) the PRODVERS argument in the .cdtoc file.
      Buffer overflow in Low BandWidth X proxy (lbxproxy) in Solaris 8 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long display command line option.
      Multiple CGI scripts in CIDER SHADOW 1.5 and 1.6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via certain form fields.
      CVS before 1.10.8 does not properly initialize a global variable, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server crash) via the diff capability.
      Buffer overflow in ipcs for HP Tru64 UNIX 4.0f through 5.1a may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code, a different vulnerability than CVE-2001-0423.
      config_converters.py in BSCW (Basic Support for Cooperative Work) 3.x and versions before 4.06 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the file name during filename conversion.
      The default configuration of BSCW (Basic Support for Cooperative Work) 3.x and possibly version 4 enables user self registration, which could allow remote attackers to upload files and possibly join a user community that was intended to be closed.
      The installation of Geeklog 1.3 creates an extra group_assignments record which is not properly deleted, which causes the first newly created user to be added to the GroupAdmin and UserAdmin groups, which could provide that user with administrative privileges that were not intended.
      Geeklog 1.3 allows remote attackers to hijack user accounts, including the administrator account, by modifying the UID of a user's permanent cookie to the target account.
      Buffer overflow in index.cgi administration interface for Boozt! Standard 0.9.8 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long name field when creating a new banner.
      Buffer overflow in Michael Lamont Savant Web Server 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP request to the cgi-bin directory in which the CGI program name contains a large number of . (dot) characters.
      AOL AOLserver 3.4.2 Win32 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and read password-protected files via a URL that directly references the file.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service via an infinite loop for modeless dialogs showModelessDialog, which causes CPU usage while the focus for the dialog is not released.
      Oracle9iAS Web Cache 2.0.0.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via (1) a request to TCP ports 1100, 4000, 4001, and 4002 with a large number of null characters, and (2) a request to TCP port 4000 with a large number of "." characters.
      An installer program for Oracle9iAS Web Cache 2.0.0.x creates executable and configuration files with insecure permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges by (1) running webcached or (2) obtaining the administrator password from webcache.xml.
      AFTPD 5.4.4 allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information via a CD (CWD) ~ (tilde) command, which causes a core dump.
      CDE dtlogin in Caldera UnixWare 7.1.0, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain privileges via a symlink attack on /var/dt/Xerrors since /var/dt is world-writable.
      BEA Systems Weblogic Server 6.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of requests to .JSP files that contain an MS-DOS device name.
      Web administration interface in CacheFlow CacheOS 4.0.13 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a series of GET requests that do not end in with HTTP/1.0 or another version string, which causes the information to be leaked in the error message.
      Allaire Forums 2.0.4 and 2.0.5 and Forums! 3.0 and 3.1 allows remote authenticated users to spoof messages as other users by modifying the hidden form fields for the name and e-mail address.
      Linksys EtherFast BEFN2PS4, BEFSR41, and BEFSR81 Routers, and possibly other products, allow remote attackers to gain sensitive information and cause a denial of service via an SNMP query for the default community string "public," which causes the router to change its configuration and send SNMP trap information back to the system that initiated the query.
      Nevrona Designs MiraMail 1.04 and earlier stores authentication information such as POP usernames and passwords in plaintext in a .ini file, which allows an attacker to gain privileges by reading the passwords from the file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Funsoft Dino's Webserver 1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read files or execute arbitrary commands via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
      Etype Eserv 2.97 allows remote attackers to view password protected files via /./ in the URL.
      EMC NetWorker (formerly Legato NetWorker) before 7.0 stores log files in the /nsr/logs/ directory with world-readable permissions, which allows local users to read sensitive information and possibly gain privileges.  NOTE: this was originally reported for Legato NetWorker 6.1 on the Solaris 7 platform.
      EMC NetWorker (formerly Legato NetWorker) before 7.0 stores passwords in plaintext in the daemon.log file, which allows local users to gain privileges by reading the password from the file.  NOTE: this was originally reported for Legato NetWorker 6.1 on the Solaris 7 platform.
      Snort 1.8.3 does not properly define the minimum ICMP header size, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash and core dump) via a malformed ICMP packet.
      Palm OS 3.5h and possibly other versions, as used in Handspring Visor and Xircom products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a TCP connect scan, e.g. from nmap.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Yet Another Bulletin Board (YaBB) 1 Gold SP 1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script and steal cookies via a message containing encoded Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Infopop Ultimate Bulletin Board (UBB) 6.2.0 Beta Release 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script and steal cookies via a message containing encoded Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Alcatel Speed Touch Home ADSL Modem allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a network scan with unusual packets, such as nmap with OS detection.
      Apple Palm Desktop 4.0b76 and 4.0b77 creates world-readable backup files and folders when a hotsync is performed, which could allow a local user to obtain sensitive information.
      PHP 4.0 through 4.1.1 stores session IDs in temporary files whose name contains the session ID, which allows local users to hijack web connections.
      Siemens 3568i WAP mobile phones allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an SMS message containing unusual characters.
      MDG Computer Services Web Server 4D WS4D/eCommerce 3.0 and earlier, and possibly 3.5.3, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary commands via a long HTTP request.
      MDG Computer Services Web Server 4D/eCommerce 3.5.3 allows remote attackers to exploit directory traversal vulnerability via a ../ (dot dot) containing URL-encoded slashes in the HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in ClanLib library 0.5 may allow local users to execute arbitrary code in games that use the library, such as (1) Super Methane Brothers, (2) Star War, (3) Kwirk, (4) Clankanoid, and others, via a long HOME environment variable.
      Buffer overflow in BlackMoon FTP Server 1.0 through 1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to (1) USER, (2) PASS, or (3) CWD.
      Netgear RP114 Cable/DSL Web Safe Router Firmware 3.26, when configured to block traffic below port 1024, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a port scan of the WAN port.
      cgitest.exe in Sambar Server 5.1 before Beta 4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long argument.
      efax 0.9 and earlier, when installed setuid root, allows local users to read arbitrary files via the -d option, which prints the contents of the file in a warning message.
      Buffer overflow in efax 0.9 and earlier, when installed setuid root, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long -x argument.
      ActivePython ActiveX control for Python in the AXScript package, when used in Internet Explorer, does not prevent a script from reading files from the client's filesystem, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a malicious web page containing Python script.
      Buffer overflow in Chinput 3.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long HOME environment variable.
      Buffer overflows in Avirt Gateway Suite 4.2 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) long header fields to the HTTP proxy, or (2) a long string to the telnet proxy.
      Telnet proxy in Avirt Gateway Suite 4.2 does not require authentication for connecting to the proxy system itself, which allows remote attackers to list file contents of the proxy and execute arbitrary commands via a "dos" command.
      Netopia Timbuktu Pro 6.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a series of connections to one of the ports (1417 - 1420).
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 on Windows 98 allows remote web pages to cause a denial of service (hang) via extremely long values for form fields such as INPUT and TEXTAREA, which can be automatically filled via Javascript.
      CDRDAO 1.1.4 and 1.1.5 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the $HOME/.cdrdao configuration file.
      CDRDAO 1.1.4 and 1.1.5 allows local users to read arbitrary files via the show-data command.
      Pi-Soft SpoonFTP 1.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to redirect traffic to other sites (aka FTP bounce) via the PORT command.
      Domain Name Relay Daemon (dnrd) 2.10 and earlier allows remote malicious DNS sites to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long or malformed DNS reply, which is not handled properly by parse_query, get_objectname, and possibly other functions.
      Maelstrom GPL 3.0.1 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files of other Maelstrom users via a symlink attack on the /tmp/f file.
      CGI handler in John Roy Pi3Web for Windows 2.0 beta 1 and 2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a series of requests whose physical path is exactly 260 characters long and ends in a series of . (dot) characters.
      Buffer overflow in Eterm of Enlightenment Imlib2 1.0.4 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long HOME environment variable.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in chuid 1.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to change the ownership of files outside of the upload directory via a .. (dot dot) attack.
      chuid 1.2 and earlier does not properly verify the ownership of files that will be changed, which allows remote attackers to change files owned by other users, such as root.
      fetchmail email client before 5.9.10 does not properly limit the maximum number of messages available, which allows a remote IMAP server to overwrite memory via a message count that exceeds the boundaries of an array.
      Buffer overflow in the ASP data transfer mechanism in Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0, 5.0, and 5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute code, aka "Microsoft-discovered variant of Chunked Encoding buffer overrun."
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0, 5.0 and 5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via an HTTP error page.
      Buffer overflow in ASP Server-Side Include Function in IIS 4.0, 5.0 and 5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via long file names.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0, 5.0, and 5.1 allows remote attackers to spoof the safety check for HTTP headers and cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via HTTP header field values.
      Buffer overflow in Multiple UNC Provider (MUP) in Microsoft Windows operating systems allows local users to cause a denial of service or possibly gain SYSTEM privileges via a long UNC request.
      Buffer overflow in various Microsoft applications for Macintosh allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or execute arbitrary code by invoking the file:// directive with a large number of / characters, which affects Internet Explorer 5.1, Outlook Express 5.0 through 5.0.2, Entourage v. X and 2001, PowerPoint v. X, 2001, and 98, and Excel v. X and 2001 for Macintosh.
      Internet Explorer 5.1 for Macintosh allows remote attackers to bypass security checks and invoke local AppleScripts within a specific HTML element, aka the "Local Applescript Invocation" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflows in extended stored procedures for Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and 2000 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via a database query with certain long arguments.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft MSN Chat ActiveX Control, as used in MSN Messenger 4.5 and 4.6, and Exchange Instant Messenger 4.5 and 4.6, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long ResDLL parameter in the MSNChat OCX.
      Nautilus 1.0.4 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the .nautilus-metafile.xml metadata file.
      Buffer overflow in Xsun on Solaris 2.6 through 8 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -co (color database) command line argument.
      Format string vulnerability in the administration function in Cisco Secure Access Control Server (ACS) for Windows, 2.6.x and earlier and 3.x through 3.01 (build 40), allows remote attackers to crash the CSADMIN  module only (denial of service of administration function) or execute arbitrary code via format strings in the URL to port 2002.
      The administration function in Cisco Secure Access Control Server (ACS) for Windows, 2.6.x and earlier and 3.x through 3.01 (build 40), allows remote attackers to read HTML, Java class, and image files outside the web root via a ..\.. (modified ..) in the URL to port 2002.
      LogWatch before 2.5 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a symlink attack on the logwatch temporary directory.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in Squid before 2.4 STABLE4, and Squid 2.5 and 2.6 until March 12, 2002 distributions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via compressed DNS responses.
      Vulnerability in the MIT-SHM extension of the X server on Linux (XFree86) 4.2.1 and earlier allows local users to read and write arbitrary shared memory, possibly to cause a denial of service or gain privileges.
      LogWatch 2.5 allows local users to gain root privileges via a symlink attack, a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-0162.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in analog before 5.22 allows remote attackers to execute Javascript via an HTTP request containing the script, which is entered into a web logfile and not properly filtered by analog during display.
      Imlib before 1.9.13 sometimes uses the NetPBM package to load trusted images, which could allow attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via certain weaknesses of NetPBM.
      Vulnerability in Imlib before 1.9.13 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code by manipulating arguments that are passed to malloc, which results in a heap corruption.
      The default stylesheet for DocBook on Red Hat Linux 6.2 through 7.2 is installed with an insecure option enabled, which could allow users to overwrite files outside of the current directory from an untrusted document by using a full pathname as an element identifier.
      Zope 2.2.0 through 2.5.1 does not properly verify the access for objects with proxy roles, which could allow some users to access documents in violation of the intended configuration.
      IRISconsole 2.0 may allow users to log into the icadmin account with an incorrect password in some circumstances, which could allow users to gain privileges.
      /dev/ipfilter on SGI IRIX 6.5 is installed by /dev/MAKEDEV with insecure default permissions (644), which could allow a local user to cause a denial of service (traffic disruption).
      Buffer overflow in cpr for the eoe.sw.cpr SGI Checkpoint-Restart Software package on SGI IRIX 6.5.10 and earlier may allow local users to gain root privileges.
      nsd on SGI IRIX before 6.5.11 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain root privileges via a symlink attack on the nsd.dump file.
      libsafe 2.0-11 and earlier allows attackers to bypass protection against format string vulnerabilities via format strings that use the "'" and "I" characters, which are implemented in libc but not libsafe.
      The printf wrappers in libsafe 2.0-11 and earlier do not properly handle argument indexing specifiers, which could allow attackers to exploit certain function calls through arguments that are not verified by libsafe.
      Buffer overflows in icecast 1.3.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request from an MP3 client.
      uudecode, as available in the sharutils package before 4.2.1, does not check whether the filename of the uudecoded file is a pipe or symbolic link, which could allow attackers to overwrite files or execute commands.
      Buffer overflow in xpilot-server for XPilot 4.5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in Webalizer 2.01-06, when configured to use reverse DNS lookups, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by connecting to the monitored web server from an IP address that resolves to a long hostname.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in status.php3 for IMP 2.2.8 and HORDE 1.2.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script and steal cookies of other IMP/HORDE users via the script parameter.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in sudo before 1.6.6 may allow local users to gain root privileges via special characters in the -p (prompt) argument, which are not properly expanded.
      mod_python version 2.7.6 and earlier allows a module indirectly imported by a published module to then be accessed via the publisher, which allows remote attackers to call possibly dangerous functions from the imported module.
      Buffer overflow in the SQLXML ISAPI extension of Microsoft SQL Server 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via data queries with a long content-type parameter, aka "Unchecked Buffer in SQLXML ISAPI Extension."
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in the SQLXML component of Microsoft SQL Server 2000 allows an attacker to execute arbitrary script via the root parameter as part of an XML SQL query, aka "Script Injection via XML Tag."
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01 and 6.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via malformed Content-Disposition and Content-Type header fields that cause the application for the spoofed file type to pass the file back to the operating system for handling rather than raise an error message, aka the second variant of the "Content Disposition" vulnerability.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Internet Explorer 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute scripts in the Local Computer zone via a URL that exploits a local HTML resource file, aka the "Cross-Site Scripting in Local HTML Resource" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code under fewer security restrictions via a malformed web page that requires NetBIOS connectivity, aka "Zone Spoofing through Malformed Web Page" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to view arbitrary files that contain the "{" character via script containing the cssText property of the stylesheet object, aka "Local Information Disclosure through HTML Object" vulnerability.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01 and 6.0 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via malformed Content-Disposition and Content-Type header fields that cause the application for the spoofed file type to pass the file back to the operating system for handling rather than raise an error message, aka the first variant of the "Content Disposition" vulnerability.
      GetRelativePath in ACD Incorporated CwpAPI 1.1 only verifies if the server root is somewhere within the path, which could allow remote attackers to read or write files outside of the web root, in other directories whose path includes the web root.
      psyBNC 2.3 beta and earlier allows remote attackers to spoof encrypted, trusted messages by sending lines that begin with the "[B]" sequence, which makes the message appear legitimate.
      Buffer overflow in plDaniels ripMime 1.2.6 and earlier, as used in other programs such as xamime and inflex, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an attachment in a long filename.
      Buffer overflow in admin.cgi for Nullsoft Shoutcast Server 1.8.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an argument with a large number of backslashes.
      Cyberstop Web Server for Windows 0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an HTTP request for an MS-DOS device name.
      Cyberstop Web Server for Windows 0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      PaintBBS 1.2 installs certain files and directories with insecure permissions, which allows local users to (1) obtain the encrypted server password via the world-readable oekakibbs.conf file, or (2) modify the server configuration via the world-writeable /oekaki/ folder.
      ttawebtop.cgi in Tarantella Enterprise 3.20 on SPARC Solaris and Linux, and 3.1x and 3.0x including 3.11.903, allows remote attackers to view directory contents via an empty pg parameter.
      Buffer overflow in GNU Chess (gnuchess) 5.02 and earlier, if modified or used in a networked capacity contrary to its own design as a single-user application, may allow local or remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long command.
      Cross-site scripting (CSS) vulnerability in error.asp for Plumtree Corporate Portal 3.5 through 4.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script on other clients via the "Description" parameter.
      index.php in Francisco Burzi PHP-Nuke 5.3.1 and earlier, and possibly other versions before 5.5, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by specifying a URL to the malicious code in the file parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Real Networks RealPlayer 8.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a header length value that exceeds the actual length of the header.
      PGP Security PGPfire 7.1 for Windows alters the system's TCP/IP stack and modifies packets in ICMP error messages in a way that allows remote attackers to determine that the system is running PGPfire.
      Nortel Alteon ACEdirector WebOS 9.0, with the Server Load Balancing (SLB) and Cookie-Based Persistence features enabled, allows remote attackers to determine the real IP address of a web server with a half-closed session, which causes ACEdirector to send packets from the server without changing the address to the virtual IP address.
      setlicense for TOLIS Group Backup and Restore Utility (BRU) 17.0 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the /tmp/brutest.$$ temporary file.
      Race condition in the installation script for Tarantella Enterprise 3 3.01 through 3.20 creates a world-writeable temporary "gunzip" program before executing it, which could allow local users to execute arbitrary commands by modifying the program before it is executed.
      The login for Hosting Controller 1.1 through 1.4.1 returns different error messages when a valid or invalid user is provided, which allows remote attackers to determine the existence of valid usernames and makes it easier to conduct a brute force attack.
      xkas in Xinet K-AShare 0.011.01 for IRIX allows local users to read arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the VOLICON file, which is copied to the .HSicon file in a shared directory.
      Compaq Intel PRO/Wireless 2011B LAN USB Device Driver 1.5.16.0 through 1.5.18.0 stores the 128-bit WEP (Wired Equivalent Privacy) key in plaintext in a registry key with weak permissions, which allows local users to decrypt network traffic by reading the WEP key from the registry key.
      Agora.cgi 3.2r through 4.0 while in debug mode allows remote attackers to determine the full pathname of the agora.cgi file by requesting a non-existent .html file, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      userinfo.php in XOOPS 1.0 RC1 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a SQL injection attack in the "uid" parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (CSS) vulnerabilities in the Private Message System for XOOPS 1.0 RC1 allow remote attackers to execute Javascript on other web clients via (1) the Title field or a Private Message Box or (2) the image field parameter in pmlite.php.
      Format string vulnerability in (1) sastcpd in SAS/Base 8.0 and 8.1 or (2) objspawn in SAS/Integration Technologies 8.0 and 8.1 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via format specifiers in a command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in (1) sastcpd in SAS/Base 8.0 and 8.1 or (2) objspawn in SAS/Integration Technologies 8.0 and 8.1 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via large command line argument.
      phpsmssend.php in PhpSmsSend 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an SMS message containing shell metacharacters.
      Etype Eserv 2.97 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large number of PASV commands that consume ports 1024 through 5000, which prevents the server from accepting valid PASV.
      Etype Eserv 2.97 allows remote attackers to redirect traffic to other sites (aka FTP bounce) via the PORT command.
      Infopop UBB.Threads 5.4 and Wired Community Software WWWThreads 5.0 through 5.0.9 allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary files by using a filename that contains an accepted extension, but ends in a different extension.
      The MSDTC (Microsoft Distributed Transaction Service Coordinator) for Microsoft Windows 2000, Microsoft IIS 5.0 and SQL Server 6.5 through SQL 2000 0.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash or hang) via malformed (random) input.
      tac_plus Tacacs+ daemon F4.0.4.alpha, originally maintained by Cisco, creates files from the accounting directive with world-readable and writable permissions, which allows local users to access and modify sensitive files.
      retrieve_password.pl in DCForum 6.x and 2000 generates predictable new passwords based on a sessionID, which allows remote attackers to request a new password on behalf of another user and use the sessionID to calculate the new password for that user.
      KICQ 2.0.0b1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed message.
      Microsoft MSN Messenger allows remote attackers to use Javascript that references an ActiveX object to obtain sensitive information such as display names and web site navigation, and possibly more when the user is connected to certain Microsoft sites (or DNS-spoofed sites).
      Safe Mode feature (safe_mode) in PHP 3.0 through 4.1.0 allows attackers with access to the MySQL database to bypass Safe Mode access restrictions and read arbitrary files using "LOAD DATA INFILE LOCAL" SQL statements.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in fom.cgi of Faq-O-Matic 2.712 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript on other clients via the cmd parameter, which causes the script to be inserted into an error message.
      Buffer overflow in mIRC 5.91 and earlier allows a remote server to execute arbitrary code on the client via a long nickname.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Multi Router Traffic Grapher (MRTG) allows remote attackers to read portions of arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the cfg parameter for (1) 14all.cgi, (2) 14all-1.1.cgi, (3) traffic.cgi, or (4) mrtg.cgi.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in eshare Expressions 4 Web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP request.
      NetScreen ScreenOS before 2.6.1 does not support a maximum number of concurrent sessions for a system, which allows an attacker on the trusted network to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a port scan to an external network, which consumes all available connections.
      Castelle FaxPress, possibly 6.3 and other versions, when configured to use the Network print queue, allows attackers to obtain the username and password by submitting an incorrect login, which causes Faxpress to leak the correct username and password in plaintext in an error event.
      Lucent VitalSuite 8.0 through 8.2, including VitalNet, VitalEvent, and VitalHelp/VitalAnalysis, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a direct HTTP request to the VsSetCookie.exe program, which returns a valid cookie for the desired user.
      Buffer overflow in ISS BlackICE Defender 2.9 and earlier, BlackICE Agent 3.0 and 3.1, and RealSecure Server Sensor 6.0.1 and 6.5 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a flood of large ICMP ping packets.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in web administration interface for NetGear RT314 and RT311 Gateway Routers allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script on another client via a URL that contains the script.
      Buffer overflow in hanterm 3.3.1 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long string in the (1) -fn, (2) -hfb, or (3) -hfn argument.
      PHP, when installed with Apache and configured to search for index.php as a default web page, allows remote attackers to obtain the full pathname of the server via the HTTP OPTIONS method, which reveals the pathname in the resulting error message.
      NDSAuth.DLL in Cisco Secure Authentication Control Server (ACS) 3.0.1 does not check the Expired or Disabled state of users in the Novell Directory Services (NDS), which could allow those users to authenticate to the server.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Internet Explorer 6 earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script via an Extended HTML Form, whose output from the remote server is not properly cleansed.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Opera 6.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script via an Extended HTML Form, whose output from the remote server is not properly cleansed.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in chroot function in AtheOS 0.3.7 allows attackers to escape the jail via a .. (dot dot) in the pathname argument to chdir.
      Lotus Domino server 5.0.8 with NoBanner enabled allows remote attackers to (1) determine the physical path of the server via a request for a nonexistent file with a .pl (Perl) extension, which leaks the pathname in the error message, or (2) make any request that causes an HTTP 500 error, which leaks the server's version name in the HTTP error message.
      Format string vulnerability in the message catalog library functions in UnixWare 7.1.1 allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the LC_MESSAGE environment variable to read other message catalogs containing format strings from setuid programs such as vxprint.
      Buffer overflows in wmtv 0.6.5 and earlier may allow local users to gain privileges.
      wmtv 0.6.5 and earlier allows local users to modify arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a configuration file.
      PHP for Windows, when installed on Apache 2.0.28 beta as a standalone CGI module, allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of the php.exe via a request with malformed arguments such as /123, which leaks the pathname in the error message.
      Web configuration utility in HP AdvanceStack hubs J3200A through J3210A with firmware version A.03.07 and earlier, allows unauthorized users to bypass authentication via a direct HTTP request to the web_access.html file, which allows the user to change the switch's configuration and modify the administrator password.
      Buffer overflow in licq 1.0.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long string of format string characters such as "%d".
      Buffer overflow in Apple QuickTime Player 5.01 and 5.02 allows remote web servers to execute arbitrary code via a response containing a long Content-Type MIME header.
      PHP, when not configured with the "display_errors = Off" setting in php.ini, allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path for an include file via a trailing slash in a request to a directly accessible PHP program, which modifies the base path, causes the include directive to fail, and produces an error message that contains the path.
      ICQ 2001b Build 3659 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed picture that contains large height and width values, which causes the crash when viewed in Userdetails.
      The default configuration of Arescom NetDSL 800 does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or reconfigure the router.
      The telnet port in Arescom NetDSL 1000 router allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a series of connections with long strings, which causes a large number of login failures and causes the telnet service to stop.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in auction.pl of MakeBid Auction Deluxe 3.30 allows remote attackers to obtain information from other users via the form fields (1) TITLE, (2) DESCTIT, (3) DESC, (4) searchstring, (5) ALIAS, (6) EMAIL, (7) ADDRESS1, (8) ADDRESS2, (9) ADDRESS3, (10) PHONE1, (11) PHONE2, (12) PHONE3, or (13) PHONE4.
      Merak Mail IceWarp Web Mail uses a static identifier as a user session ID that does not change across sessions, which could allow remote attackers with access to the ID to gain privileges as that user, e.g. by extracting the ID from the user's answer or forward URLs.
      InstantServers MiniPortal 1.1.5 and earlier stores sensitive login and account data in plaintext in (1) .pwd files in the miniportal/apache directory, or (2) mplog.txt, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in InstantServers MiniPortal 1.1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long login name, which is not properly handled by the logging utility.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in InstantServers MiniPortal 1.1.5 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files via a ... (modified dot dot) in the GET command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in netget for Sybex E-Trainer web server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the file parameter.
      Buffer overflow in EasyBoard 2000 1.27 (aka EZboard) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long boundary value in a multipart Content-Type header to (1) ezboard.cgi, (2) ezman.cgi, or (3) ezadmin.cgi.
      PowerFTP Personal FTP Server 2.03 through 2.10 stores sensitive account information in plaintext in the ftpserver.ini file, which allows attackers with access to the file to gain privileges.
      Sawmill for Solaris 6.2.14 and earlier creates the AdminPassword file with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the file.
      Thunderstone Texis CGI script allows remote attackers to obtain the full path of the web root via a request for a nonexistent file, which generates an error message that includes the full pathname.
      preferences.php in Simple Internet Publishing System (SIPS) before 0.3.1 allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via a linebreak in the "theme" field followed by the Status::admin command, which causes the Status line to be entered into the password file.
      Identix BioLogon 3 allows users with physical access to the system to gain administrative privileges by using CTRL-ALT-DEL and running a "Browse" function, which runs Explorer with SYSTEM privileges.
      Internet Explorer 5.x and 6 interprets an object as an HTML document even when its MIME Content-Type is text/plain, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary script in documents that the user does not expect, possibly through web applications that use a text/plain type to prevent cross-site scripting attacks.
      Opera, when configured with the "Determine action by MIME type" option disabled, interprets an object as an HTML document even when its MIME Content-Type is text/plain, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary script in documents that the user does not expect, possibly through web applications that use a text/plain type to prevent cross-site scripting attacks.
      Runtime library in GNU Ada compiler (GNAT) 3.12p through 3.14p allows local users to modify files of other users via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Buffer overflows in mpg321 before 0.2.9 allows local and possibly remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long URL to (1) a command line option, (2) an HTTP request, or (3) an FTP request.
      Buffer overflow in CWMail.exe in NetWin before 2.8a allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via a long item parameter.
      Exim 3.34 and earlier may allow local users to gain privileges via a buffer overflow in long -C (configuration file) and other command line arguments.
      Falcon web server 2.0.0.1020 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and read restricted files via an extra / (slash) in the requested URL.
      Buffer overflow in various decoders in Ettercap 0.6.3.1 and earlier, when running on networks with an MTU greater than 2000, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via large packets.
      Add2it Mailman Free 1.73 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the list parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Add2it Mailman Free 1.73 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the list parameter.
      The kernel in HP-UX 11.11 does not properly provide arguments for setrlimit, which could allow local attackers to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) and possibly gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in CodeBlue 4 and earlier, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long string in an SMTP reply.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in DCP-Portal 4.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain privileges of other portal users by providing Javascript in the job information field to user_update.php.
      DCP-Portal 3.7 through 4.5 allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of the server via (1) a direct request to add_user.php, or via an invalid new_language parameter in (2) contents.php, (3) categories.php, or (4) files.php, which leaks the path in an error message.
      Windows XP with port 445 open allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a flood of TCP SYN packets containing possibly malformed data.
      Winamp 2.78 and 2.77, when opening a wma file that requires a license, sends the full path of the Temporary Internet Files directory to the web page that is processing the license, which could allow malicious web servers to obtain the pathname.
      Outlook Express 5.5 and 6.0 on Windows treats a carriage return ("CR") in a message header as if it were a valid carriage return/line feed combination (CR/LF), which could allow remote attackers to bypass virus protection and or other filtering mechanisms via a mail message with headers that only contain the CR, which causes Outlook to create separate headers.
      The GetPassword function in function.php of SiteNews 0.10 and 0.11 allows remote attackers to gain privileges and add users by providing a non-existent user name and the MD5 checksum for an empty password to add_user.php, which causes GetPassword to produce and compare a blank password for the non-existent user.
      pforum 1.14 and earlier does not explicitly enable PHP magic quotes, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrator privileges via an SQL injection attack when the PHP server is not configured to use magic quotes by default.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Phusion web server 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ... (triple dot dot) in the HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in Phusion web server 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in Netwin WebNews CGI program 1.1, Webnews.exe, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long group argument.
      Dino's Webserver 1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) and possibly execute arbitrary code via several large HTTP requests within a short time.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Slash before 2.2.5, as used in Slashcode and elsewhere, allows remote attackers to steal cookies and authentication information from other users via Javascript in a URL, possibly in the formkey field.
      FTP service in Alcatel OmniPCX 4400 allows the "halt" user to gain root privileges by modifying root's .profile file.
      Alcatel 4400 installs the /chetc/shutdown command with setgid privileges, which allows many different local users to shut down the system.
      Alcatel OmniPCX 4400 installs files with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to reconfigure the system and possibly gain privileges.
      The installation of Tarantella Enterprise 3 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the "spinning" temporary file.
      Buffer overflow in ScriptEase MiniWeb Server 0.95 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long URL in an HTTP request.
      ScriptEase MiniWeb Server 0.95 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain HTTP GET requests containing (1) a %2e%2e (encoded dot-dot), (2) several /../ (dot dot) sequences, (3) a missing URI, or (4) several ../ in a URI that does not begin with a / (slash) character.
      CNet CatchUp before 1.3.1 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a .RVP file that creates a file with an arbitrary extension (such as .BAT), which is executed during a scan.
      gnujsp 1.0.0 and 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to list directories, read source code of certain scripts, and bypass access restrictions by directly requesting the target file from the gnujsp servlet, which does not work around a limitation of JServ and does not process the requested file.
      Citrix NFuse 1.6 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain sensitive information by directly calling launch.asp with invalid NFUSE_USER and NFUSE_PASSWORD parameters.
      The Notify daemon for Symantec Enterprise Firewall (SEF) 6.5.x drops large alerts when SNMP is used as the transport, which could prevent some alerts from being sent in the event of an attack.
      GroupWise 6, when using LDAP authentication and when Post Office has a blank username and password, allows attackers to gain privileges of other users by logging in without a password.
      Lil HTTP Server 2.1 allows remote attackers to read password-protected files via a /./ in the HTTP request.
      Zero One Tech (ZOT) P100s print server does not properly disable the SNMP service or change the default password, which could leave the server open to attack without the administrator's knowledge.
      ans.pl in Avenger's News System (ANS) 2.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the p (plugin) parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ans.pl in Avenger's News System (ANS) 2.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the existence of arbitrary files or execute any Perl program on the system via a .. (dot dot) in the p parameter, which reads the target file and attempts to execute the line using Perl's eval function.
      admin.asp in AdMentor 2.11 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges via a SQL injection attack on the Login and Password arguments.
      SMTP proxy in Symantec Enterprise Firewall (SEF) 6.5.x includes the firewall's physical interface name and address in an SMTP protocol exchange when NAT translation is made to an address other than the firewall, which could allow remote attackers to determine certain firewall configuration information.
      Netwin WebNews 1.1k CGI program includes several default usernames and cleartext passwords that cannot be deleted by the administrator, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges via the username/password combinations (1) testweb/newstest, (2) alwn3845/imaptest, (3) alwi3845/wtest3452, or (4) testweb2/wtest4879.
      Vulnerability in webtop in UnixWare 7.1.1 and Open UNIX 8.0.0 allows local and possibly remote attackers to gain root privileges via shell metacharacters in the -c argument for (1) in scoadminreg.cgi or (2) service_action.cgi.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Essentia Web Server 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a URL.
      Buffer overflow in Essentia Web Server 2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long URL.
      fasttrack p2p, as used in (1) KaZaA before 1.5, (2) grokster, and (3) morpheus allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via a series of client-to-client messages, which pops up new windows per message.
      fasttrack p2p, as used in (1) KaZaA, (2) grokster, and (3) morpheus allows remote attackers to spoof other users by modifying the username and network information in the message header.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in eXtreme message board (XMB) 1.6x and earlier allows remote attackers to execute script as other XMB users by inserting the script into an IMG tag.
      Gator ActiveX component (IEGator.dll) 3.0.6.1 allows remote web sites to install arbitrary software by specifying a Trojan Gator installation file (setup.ex_) in the src parameter.
      FreeRADIUS RADIUS server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a flood of Access-Request packets.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in edituser.php for pforum 1.14 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute script and steal cookies from other users via Javascript in a username.
      Buffer overflow in Yahoo! Messenger 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long (1) message or (2) IMvironment field.
      Yahoo! Messenger 5.0 allows remote attackers to spoof other users by modifying the username and using the spoofed username for social engineering or denial of service (flooding) attacks.
      Yahoo! Messenger 4.0 sends user passwords in cleartext, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges of other users via sniffing.
      comment2.jse in ScriptEase:WebServer allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the target file as an argument in the URL.
      Greymatter 1.21c and earlier with the Bookmarklet feature enabled allows remote attackers to read a cleartext password and gain administrative privileges by guessing the name of a gmrightclick-*.reg file which contains the administrator name and password in cleartext, then retrieving the file from the web server before the Greymatter administrator performs a "Clear And Exit" action.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in BadBlue before 1.6.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ... (modified dot dot) in the URL.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in BadBlue before 1.6.1 beta allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script and possibly additional commands via a URL that contains Javascript.
      Buffer overflow in Century Software TERM allows local users to gain root privileges via a long tty argument to the callin program.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Ikonboard 3.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other Ikonboard users and steal cookies via Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Snitz Forums 2000 3.3.03 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other Forums 2000 users via Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in codeparse.php of Open Bulletin Board (OpenBB) 1.0.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script and steal cookies via Javascript in the IMG tag.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the HTTP server for BPM Studio Pro 4.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTP request.
      Buffer overflows in xtell (xtelld) 1.91.1 and earlier, and 2.x before 2.7, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) a long DNS hostname that is determined using reverse DNS lookups, (2) a long AUTH string, or (3) certain data in the xtell request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in xtell (xtelld) 1.91.1 and earlier, and 2.x before 2.7, allows remote attackers to read files with short names, and local users to read more files using a symlink with a short name, via a .. in the TTY argument.
      xtell (xtelld) 1.91.1 and earlier, and 2.x before 2.7, allows local users to modify files via a symlink attack on the .xtell-log file.
      Buffer overflow in Galacticomm Worldgroup web server 3.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in Galacticomm Worldgroup FTP server 3.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a LIST command containing a large number of / (slash), * (wildcard), and .. characters.
      RealPlayer 8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU utilization) via malformed .mp3 files.
      The Bat! 1.53d and 1.54beta, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an attachment whose name includes an MS-DOS device name.
      Cisco IOS 11.1CC through 12.2 with Cisco Express Forwarding (CEF) enabled includes portions of previous packets in the padding of a MAC level packet when the MAC packet's length is less than the IP level packet length.
      Windows Media Player (WMP) 8.00.00.4477, and possibly other versions, automatically detects and executes .wmf and other content, even when the file's extension or content type does not specify .wmf, which could make it easier for attackers to conduct unauthorized activities via Trojan horse files containing .wmf content.
      GWWEB.EXE in GroupWise Web Access 5.5, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to determine the full pathname of the web server via an HTTP request with an invalid HTMLVER parameter.
      Kmail 1.2 on KDE 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an email message whose body is approximately 55 K long.
      Hotline Client 1.8.5 stores sensitive user information, including passwords, in plaintext in the bookmarks file, which could allow local users with access to the bookmarks file to gain privileges by extracting the passwords.
      Symantec LiveUpdate 1.5 and earlier in Norton Antivirus stores usernames and passwords for a local LiveUpdate server in cleartext in the registry, which may allow remote attackers to impersonate the LiveUpdate server.
      Symantec Ghost 7.0 stores usernames and passwords in plaintext in the NGServer\params registry key, which could allow an attacker to gain privileges.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Cobalt RAQ 4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other Cobalt users via Javascript in a URL to (1) service.cgi or (2) alert.cgi.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Cobalt RAQ 4 allows remote attackers to read password-protected files, and possibly files outside the web root, via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP request.
      service.cgi in Cobalt RAQ 4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long service argument.
      Tiny Personal Firewall (TPF) 2.0.15, under certain configurations, will pop up an alert to the system even when the screen is locked, which could allow an attacker with physical access to the machine to hide activities or bypass access restrictions.
      HP Procurve Switch 4000M running firmware C.08.22 and C.09.09 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a port scan of the management IP address, which disables the telnet service.
      Buffer overflows in CFS daemon (cfsd) before 1.3.3-8.1, and 1.4x before 1.4.1-5, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      Phorum 3.3.2 allows remote attackers to determine the email addresses of the 10 most active users via a direct HTTP request to the stats.php program, which does not require authentication.
      The ASN.1 parser in Ethereal 0.9.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a certain malformed packet, which causes Ethereal to allocate memory incorrectly, possibly due to zero-length fields.
      The XMLHttpRequest object (XMLHTTP) in Netscape 6.1 and Mozilla 0.9.7 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and list directories on a client system by opening a URL that redirects the browser to the file on the client, then reading the result using the responseText property.
      netstat in SGI IRIX before 6.5.12 allows local users to determine the existence of files on the system, even if the users do not have the appropriate permissions.
      Vulnerability in XFS filesystem reorganizer (fsr_xfs) in SGI IRIX 6.5.10 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges by overwriting critical system files.
      Unknown vulnerability in rpc.passwd in the nfs.sw.nis subsystem of SGI IRIX 6.5.15 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges.
      MediaMail and MediaMail Pro in SGI IRIX 6.5.16 and earlier allows local users to force the program to dump core via certain arguments, which could allow the users to read sensitive data or gain privileges.
      xfsmd for IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.16 uses weak authentication, which allows remote attackers to call dangerous RPC functions, including those that can mount or unmount xfs file systems, to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in Sun AnswerBook2 1.4 through 1.4.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long filename argument to the gettransbitmap CGI program.
      Buffer overflow in AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.2 and later allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long AddExternalApp request and a TLV type greater than 0x2711.
      ghostscript before 6.53 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands by using .locksafe or .setsafe to reset the current pagedevice.
      Buffer overflow in the chunked encoding transfer mechanism in IIS 4.0 and 5.0 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the processing of HTR request sessions, aka "Heap Overrun in HTR Chunked Encoding Could Enable Web Server Compromise."
      Buffer overflow in Remote Access Service (RAS) phonebook for Windows NT 4.0, 2000, XP, and Routing and Remote Access Server (RRAS) allows local users to execute arbitrary code by modifying the rasphone.pbk file to use a long dial-up entry.
      smss.exe debugging subsystem in Windows NT and Windows 2000 does not properly authenticate programs that connect to other programs, which allows local users to gain administrator or SYSTEM privileges by duplicating a handle to a privileged process, as demonstrated by DebPloit.
      The Store Service in Microsoft Exchange 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a mail message with a malformed RFC message attribute, aka "Malformed Mail Attribute can Cause Exchange 2000 to Exhaust CPU Resources."
      Buffer overflow in ASP.NET Worker Process allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (restart) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a routine that processes cookies while in StateServer mode.
      Buffer overflow in the ZIP capability for multiple products allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via ZIP files containing entries with long filenames, including (1) Microsoft Windows 98 with Plus! Pack, (2) Windows XP, (3) Windows ME, (4) Lotus Notes R4 through R6 (pre-gold), (5) Verity KeyView, and (6) Stuffit Expander before 7.0.
      Buffer overflow in gopher client for Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.1 through 6.0, Proxy Server 2.0, or ISA Server 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a gopher:// URL that redirects the user to a real or simulated gopher server that sends a long response.
      Microsoft Windows Media Player versions 6.4 and 7.1 and Media Player for Windows XP allow remote attackers to bypass Internet Explorer's (IE) security mechanisms and run code via an executable .wma media file with a license installation requirement stored in the IE cache, aka the "Cache Path Disclosure via Windows Media Player".
      The Windows Media Device Manager (WMDM) Service in Microsoft Windows Media Player 7.1 on Windows 2000 systems allows local users to obtain LocalSystem rights via a program that calls the WMDM service to connect to an invalid local storage device, aka "Privilege Elevation through Windows Media Device Manager Service".
      Format string vulnerability in the logging function for the pam_ldap PAM LDAP module before version 144 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via format strings in the configuration file name.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in sgdynamo.exe for Sgdynamo allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript via a URL with the script in the HTNAME parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Apple QuickTime 5.0 ActiveX component allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long pluginspage field.
      Gaim 0.57 stores sensitive information in world-readable and group-writable files in the /tmp directory, which allows local users to access MSN web email accounts of other users who run Gaim by reading authentication information from the files.
      The default configuration of LPRng print spooler in Red Hat Linux 7.0 through 7.3, Mandrake 8.1 and 8.2, and other operating systems, accepts print jobs from arbitrary remote hosts.
      Buffer overflow in University of Washington imap server (uw-imapd) imap-2001 (imapd 2001.315) and imap-2001a (imapd 2001.315) with legacy RFC 1730 support, and imapd 2000.287 and earlier, allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via a long BODY request.
      Buffer overflow in tcpdump 3.6.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an NFS packet.
      The TCP implementation in various BSD operating systems (tcp_input.c) does not properly block connections to broadcast addresses, which could allow remote attackers to bypass intended filters via packets with a unicast link layer address and an IP broadcast address.
      XChat IRC client allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a /dns command on a host whose DNS reverse lookup contains shell metacharacters.
      Buffer overflow in Jabber plug-in for Gaim client before 0.58 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      Vignette Story Server 4.1 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a request that contains a large number of '"' (double quote) and and '>' characters, which causes the TCL interpreter to crash and include stack data in the output.
      The administration module for Oracle Web Cache in Oracle9iAS (9i Application Suite) 9.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via (1) an HTTP GET request containing a ".." (dot dot) sequence, or (2) a malformed HTTP GET request with a chunked Transfer-Encoding with missing data.
      Buffer overflow in gxnsapi6.dll NSAPI plugin of the Connector Module for Sun ONE Application Server before 6.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP request URL.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in Mailman before 2.0.11 allow remote attackers to execute script via (1) the admin login page, or (2) the Pipermail index summaries.
      Pipermail in Mailman stores private mail messages with predictable filenames in a world-executable directory, which allows local users to read private mailing list archives.
      Integer overflow in xdr_array function in RPC servers for operating systems that use libc, glibc, or other code based on SunRPC including dietlibc, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by passing a large number of arguments to xdr_array through RPC services such as rpc.cmsd and dmispd.
      Apache 1.3 through 1.3.24, and Apache 2.0 through 2.0.36, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a chunk-encoded HTTP request that causes Apache to use an incorrect size.
      Buffer overflow in Red-M 1050 (Bluetooth Access Point) management web interface allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long administration password.
      Red-M 1050 (Bluetooth Access Point) uses case insensitive passwords, which makes it easier for attackers to conduct a brute force guessing attack due to the smaller space of possible passwords.
      The TFTP server for Red-M 1050 (Bluetooth Access Point) can not be disabled and makes it easier for remote attackers to crack the administration password via brute force methods.
      The web management server for Red-M 1050 (Bluetooth Access Point) does not use session-based credentials to authenticate users, which allows attackers to connect to the server from the same IP address as a user who has already established a session.
      Red-M 1050 (Bluetooth Access Point) publicizes its name, IP address, and other information in UDP packets to a broadcast address, which allows any system on the network to obtain potentially sensitive information about the Access Point device by monitoring UDP port 8887.
      Red-M 1050 (Bluetooth Access Point) PPP server allows bonded users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long user name.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in GNU tar 1.13.19 through 1.13.25, and possibly later versions, allows attackers to overwrite arbitrary files during archive extraction via a (1) "/.." or (2) "./.." string, which removes the leading slash but leaves the "..", a variant of CVE-2001-1267.
      ISC BIND 9 before 9.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (shutdown) via a malformed DNS packet that triggers an error condition that is not properly handled when the rdataset parameter to the dns_message_findtype() function in message.c is not NULL, aka DoS_findtype.
      SMB dissector in Ethereal 0.9.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or execute arbitrary code via malformed packets that cause Ethereal to dereference a NULL pointer.
      Buffer overflow in X11 dissector in Ethereal 0.9.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code while Ethereal is parsing keysyms.
      DNS dissector in Ethereal before 0.9.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a malformed packet that causes Ethereal to enter an infinite loop.
      Vulnerability in GIOP dissector in Ethereal before 0.9.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption).
      Buffer overflow in Transsoft Broker FTP Server 5.0 evaluation allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a CWD command with a large number of . (dot) characters.
      Menasoft SPHERE server 0.99x and 0.5x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by establishing a large number of connections to the server without providing login credentials, which prevents other users from being able to log in.
      htcgibin.exe in Lotus Domino server 5.0.9a and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the physical pathname for the server via requests that contain certain MS-DOS device names such as com5, such as (1) a request with a .pl or .java extension, or (2) a request containing a large number of periods, which causes htcgibin.exe to leak the pathname in an error message.
      htcgibin.exe in Lotus Domino server 5.0.9a and earlier, when configured with the NoBanner setting, allows remote attackers to determine the version number of the server via a request that generates an HTTP 500 error code, which leaks the version in a hard-coded error message.
      orderdetails.aspx, as made available to Microsoft .NET developers as example code and demonstrated on www.ibuyspystore.com, allows remote attackers to view the orders of other users by modifying the OrderID parameter.
      send_message.php in AeroMail before 1.45 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files on the server, instead of just uploaded files, via an attachment that modifies the filename to be uploaded.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in message.php for AeroMail before 1.45 allows remote attackers to execute Javascript as an AeroMail user via an email message with the script in the Subject line.
      Format string vulnerability in TraceEvent function for ntop before 2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by causing format strings to be injected into calls to the syslog function, via (1) an HTTP GET request, (2) a user name in HTTP authentication, or (3) a password in HTTP authentication.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ReBB allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript and steal cookies via an IMG tag whose URL includes the malicious script.
      KAME-derived implementations of IPsec on NetBSD 1.5.2, FreeBSD 4.5, and other operating systems, does not properly consult the Security Policy Database (SPD), which could cause a Security Gateway (SG) that does not use Encapsulating Security Payload (ESP) to forward forged IPv4 packets.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the web server used in RealPlayer 6.0.7, and possibly other versions, may allow local users to read files that are accessible to RealPlayer via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP GET request to port 1275.
      Buffer overflow in SH39 MailServer 1.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long command to the SMTP port.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Endymion MailMan before 3.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) and a null character in the ALTERNATE_TEMPLATES parameter for various mmstdo*.cgi programs.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the com.endymion.sake.servlet.mail.MailServlet servlet for Endymion SakeMail 1.0.36 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) and a null character in the param_name parameter.
      Information leaks in IIS 4 through 5.1 allow remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information or more easily conduct brute force attacks via responses from the server in which (2) in certain configurations, the server IP address is provided as the realm for Basic authentication, which could reveal real IP addresses that were obscured by NAT, or (3) when NTLM authentication is used, the NetBIOS name of the server and its Windows NT domain are revealed in response to an Authorization request.  NOTE: this entry originally contained a vector (1) in which the server reveals whether it supports Basic or NTLM authentication through 401 Access Denied error messages.  CVE has REJECTED this vector; it is not a vulnerability because the information is already available through legitimate use, since authentication cannot proceed without specifying a scheme that is supported by both the client and the server.
      Vulnerability in PureTLS before 0.9b2 related to injection attacks, which could possibly allow remote attackers to corrupt or hijack user sessions.
      IIS 4.0 allows local users to bypass the "User cannot change password" policy for Windows NT by directly calling .htr password changing programs in the /iisadmpwd directory, including (1) aexp2.htr, (2) aexp2b.htr, (3) aexp3.htr , or (4) aexp4.htr.
      IIS 5 and 5.1 supporting WebDAV methods allows remote attackers to determine the internal IP address of the system (which may be obscured by NAT) via (1) a PROPFIND HTTP request with a blank Host header, which leaks the address in an HREF property in a 207 Multi-Status response, or (2) via the WRITE or MKCOL method, which leaks the IP in the Location server header.
      Buffer overflow in efingerd 1.5 and earlier, and possibly up to 1.61, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a finger request from an IP address with a long hostname that is obtained via a reverse DNS lookup.
      efingerd 1.61 and earlier, when configured without the -u option, executes .efingerd files as the efingerd user (typically "nobody"), which allows local users to gain privileges as the efingerd user by modifying their own .efingerd file and running finger.
      mIRC DCC server protocol allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information such as alternate IRC nicknames via a "100 testing" message in a DCC connection request that cannot be ignored or canceled by the user, which may leak the alternate nickname in a response message.
      VPN Server module in Linksys EtherFast BEFVP41 Cable/DSL VPN Router before 1.40.1 reduces the key lengths for keys that are supplied via manual key entry, which makes it easier for attackers to crack the keys.
      Buffer overflows in fpexec in mod_frontpage before 1.6.1 may allow attackers to gain root privileges.
      Check Point FireWall-1 SecuRemote/SecuClient 4.0 and 4.1 allows clients to bypass the "authentication timeout" by modifying the to_expire or expire values in the client's users.C configuration file.
      The iBCS routines in arch/i386/kernel/traps.c for Linux kernels 2.4.18 and earlier on x86 systems allow local users to kill arbitrary processes via a a binary compatibility interface (lcall).
      MultiFileUploadHandler.php in the Sun Cobalt RaQ XTR administration interface allows local users to bypass authentication and overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a temporary file, followed by a request to MultiFileUpload.php.
      XTux allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via random inputs in the initial connection.
      Buffer overflow in (1) lprintf and (2) cprintf in sysdep.c of Citadel/UX 5.90 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via attacks such as a long HELO command to the SMTP server.
      Pi3Web 2.0.0 allows remote attackers to view restricted files via an HTTP request containing a "*" (wildcard or asterisk) character.
      Marcus S. Xenakis directory.php script allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the dir parameter.
      Race condition in the recursive (1) directory deletion and (2) directory move in GNU File Utilities (fileutils) 4.1 and earlier allows local users to delete directories as the user running fileutils by moving a low-level directory to a higher level as it is being deleted, which causes fileutils to chdir to a ".." directory that is higher than expected, possibly up to the root file system.
      sscd_suncourier.pl CGI script in the Sun Sunsolve CD pack allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the email address parameter.
      Smsd in SMS Server Tools (SMStools) before 1.4.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters (backquotes) in message text, as described with the term "string format vulnerability" by some sources.
      ZyXEL ZyWALL 10 before 3.50 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an ARP packet with the firewall's IP address and an incorrect MAC address, which causes the firewall to disable the LAN interface.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in CaupoShop 1.30a and earlier, and possibly CaupoShopPro, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript and steal credit card numbers or delete items by injecting the script into new customer information fields such as the message field.
      Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall HTTP proxy 3.6 with the "Skip scanning if Content-length equals 0" option enabled allows malicious web servers to bypass content scanning via a Content-length header set to 0, which is often ignored by HTTP clients.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in imlist.php for Php Imglist allows remote attackers to read arbitrary code via a .. (dot dot) in the cwd parameter.
      Buffer overflow in dlvr_audit for Caldera OpenServer 5.0.5 and 5.0.6 allows local users to gain root privileges.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 allows local users to bypass the policy that prohibits reusing old passwords by changing the current password before it expires, which does not enable the check for previous passwords.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 running the Terminal Server 90-day trial version, and possibly other versions, does not apply group policies to incoming users when the number of connections to the SYSVOL share exceeds the maximum, e.g. with a maximum number of licenses, which can allow remote authenticated users to bypass group policies.
      article.php in PHP FirstPost 0.1 allows allows remote attackers to obtain the full pathname of the server via an invalid post number in the post parameter, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      categorie.php3 in Black Tie Project (BTP) 0.4b through 0.5b allows remote attackers to determine the absolute path of the web server via an invalid category ID (cid) parameter, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Xerver Free Web Server 2.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP GET request.
      Xerver Free Web Server 2.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP request that contains many "C:/" sequences.
      Buffer overflow in webpsvc.exe for Talentsoft Web+ 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to webplus.exe program, which triggers the overflow in webpsvc.exe.
      Buffer overflow in Talentsoft Web+ 5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long Web Markup Language (wml) file name to (1) webplus.dll or (2) webplus.exe.
      filemanager_forms.php in PHProjekt 3.1 and 3.1a allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by specifying the URL to the code in the lib_path parameter.
      Foundry Networks ServerIron switches do not decode URIs when applying "url-map" rules, which could make it easier for attackers to cause the switch to forward traffic to a different server than intended and exploit vulnerabilities that would otherwise be inaccessible.
      The account lockout capability in Oblix NetPoint 5.2 and earlier only locks out users once for the specified lockout period, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct brute force password guessing by waiting until the lockout period ends, then guessing passwords without being locked out again.
      Qpopper (aka in.qpopper or popper) 4.0.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a very large string, which causes an infinite loop.
      IncrediMail stores attachments in a directory with a fixed name, which could make it easier for attackers to exploit vulnerabilities in other software that rely on installing and reading files from directories with known pathnames.
      Eudora 5.1 and earlier versions stores attachments in a directory with a fixed name, which could make it easier for attackers to exploit vulnerabilities in other software that rely on installing and reading files from directories with known pathnames.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in signgbook.php for BG GuestBook 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript via encoded tags such as &lt;, &gt;, and &amp; in fields such as (1) name, (2) email, (3) AIM screen name, (4) website, (5) location, or (6) message.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in News-TNK 1.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript via the WEB parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Board-TNK 1.3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript via the WEB parameter.
      Bitvise WinSSHD before 2002-03-16 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large number of incomplete connections that are not properly terminated, which are not properly freed by SSHd.
      Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash) via Javascript in a web page that calls location.replace on itself, causing a loop.
      bigsam_guestbook.php for Big Sam (Built-In Guestbook Stand-Alone Module) 1.1.08 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) or obtain the absolute path of the web server via a displayBegin parameter with a very large number, which leaks the web path in an error message when PHP safe_mode is enabled, or consumes resources when safe_mode is not enabled.
      home.php in ARSC (Really Simple Chat) 1.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the full pathname of the web server via an invalid language in the arsc_language parameter, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Hosting Controller 1.4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to read and modify arbitrary files and directories via a .. (dot dot) in arguments to (1) file_editor.asp, (2) folderactions.asp, or (3) editoractions.asp.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in filemanager.asp for Hosting Controller 1.4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to read and modify arbitrary files, and execute commands, via a .. (dot dot) in the OpenPath parameter.
      Hosting Controller 1.4.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to browse arbitrary directories via a full C: style pathname in the filepath arguments to (1) Statsbrowse.asp, (2) servubrowse.asp, (3) browsedisk.asp, (4) browsewebalizerexe.asp, or (5) sqlbrowse.asp.
      Buffer overflows in Ecartis (formerly Listar) 1.0.0 before snapshot 20020125 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) address_match() of mystring.c or (2) other functions in tolist.c.
      Buffer overflows in Ecartis (formerly Listar) 1.0.0 in snapshot 20020427 and earlier allow local users to gain privileges via (1) a long command line argument, which is not properly handled in core.c, or possibly via bad uses of sprintf() in (2) moderate.c, (3) lcgi.c, (4) fileapi.c, (5) cookie.c, (6) codes.c, or other files.
      Ecartis (formerly Listar) 1.0.0 in snapshot 20020125 and earlier does not properly drop privileges when Ecartis is installed setuid-root, "lock-to-user" is not set, and ecartis is called by certain MTA's, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      PHPNetToolpack 0.1 relies on its environment's PATH to find and execute the traceroute program, which could allow local users to gain privileges by inserting a Trojan horse program into the search path.
      PHPNetToolpack 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in the a_query variable.
      MSN Messenger Service 3.6, and possibly other versions, uses weak authentication when exchanging messages between clients, which allows remote attackers to spoof messages from other users.
      db.php in phpBB 2.0 (aka phpBB2) RC-3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code from remote servers via the phpbb_root_path parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in ZeroForum allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript on web clients by embedding the script within IMG image tag.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in phpBB 1.4.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript on web clients by embedding the script within an IMG image tag while editing a message.
      Standalone Macromedia Flash Player 5.0 allows remote attackers to save arbitrary files and programs via a .SWF file containing the undocumented "save" FSCommand.
      Standalone Macromedia Flash Player 5.0 before 5,0,30,2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary programs via a .SWF file containing the "exec" FSCommand.
      The default configuration of Foundry Networks EdgeIron 4802F allows remote attackers to modify sensitive information via arbitrary SNMP community strings.
      Gravity Storm Service Pack Manager 2000 creates a hidden share (SPM2000c$) mapped to the C drive, which may allow local users to bypass access restrictions on certain directories in the C drive, such as system32, by accessing them through the hidden share.
      ISS RealSecure for Nokia devices before IPSO build 6.0.2001.141d is configured to allow a user "skank" on a machine "starscream" to become a key manager when the "first time connection" feature is enabled and before any legitimate administrators have connected, which could allow remote attackers to gain access to the device during installation.
      An interaction between Windows Media Player (WMP) and Outlook 2002 allows remote attackers to bypass Outlook security settings and execute Javascript via an IFRAME in an HTML email message that references .WMS (Windows Media Skin) or other WMP media files, whose onload handlers execute the player.LaunchURL() Javascript function.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in PCI Netsupport Manager before version 7, when running web extensions, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTP GET request.
      index.php for PHP-Nuke 5.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the physical pathname of the web server when the file parameter is set to index.php, which triggers an error message that leaks the pathname.
      move_uploaded_file in PHP does not does not check for the base directory (open_basedir), which could allow remote attackers to upload files to unintended locations on the system.
      Norton Anti-Virus (NAV) allows remote attackers to bypass content filtering via attachments whose Content-Type and Content-Disposition headers are mixed upper and lower case, which is ignored by some mail clients.
      Intellisol Xpede 4.1 uses weak encryption to store authentication information in cookies, which could allow local users with access to the cookies to gain privileges.
      Intellisol Xpede 4.1 stores passwords in plaintext in a Javascript "session timeout" re-authentication capability, which could allow local users with access to gain privileges of other Xpede users by reading the password from the source file, e.g. from the browser's cache.
      Linux Directory Penguin traceroute.pl CGI script 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in the host parameter.
      Linux Directory Penguin NsLookup CGI script (nslookup.pl) 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in the (1) query or (2) type parameters.
      Instant Web Mail before 0.60 does not properly filter CR/LF sequences, which allows remote attackers to (1) execute arbitrary POP commands via the id parameter in message.php, or (2) modify certain mail message headers via numerous parameters in write.php.
      admin.php in AlGuest 1.0 guestbook checks for the existence of the admin cookie to authenticate the AlGuest administrator, which allows remote attackers to bypass the authentication and gain privileges by setting the admin cookie to an arbitrary value.
      dcshop.cgi in DCShop 1.002 Beta allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary setup files via a null character in the database parameter.
      Apache Tomcat may be started without proper security settings if errors are encountered while reading the web.xml file, which could allow attackers to bypass intended restrictions.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in WebSight Directory System 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript and gain access to the WebSight administrator via a new link submission containing the script in a website name.
      This vulnerability is addressed in the following product release:
WebSight Directory System, WebSight Directory System, 0.1.1
      csSearch.cgi in csSearch 2.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Perl code via the savesetup command and the setup parameter, which overwrites the setup.cgi configuration file that is loaded by csSearch.cgi.
      The HTTP server for SouthWest Talker server 1.0.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (server crash) via a malformed URL to port 5002.
      Buffer overflow in mtr 0.46 and earlier, when installed setuid root, allows local users to access a raw socket via a long MTR_OPTIONS environment variable.
      Etnus TotalView 5.0.0-4 installs certain files with UID 5039 and GID 59, which could allow local users with that UID or GID to modify the files and gain privileges as other TotalView users.
      The d_path function in Linux kernel 2.2.20 and earlier, and 2.4.18 and earlier, truncates long pathnames without generating an error, which could allow local users to force programs to perform inappropriate operations on the wrong directories.
      Internet Explorer 5.0 through 6.0 allows remote attackers to determine the existence of files on the client via an IMG tag with a dynsrc property that references the target file, which sets certain elements of the image object such as file size.
      Format string vulnerability in log_print() function of Posadis DNS server before version m5pre2 allows local users and possibly remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format strings that are inserted into logging messages.
      Citrix NFuse 1.6 may allow remote attackers to list applications without authentication by accessing the applist.asp page.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in boilerplate.asp for Citrix NFuse 1.5 allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the NFuse_Template parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Citrix NFuse 1.6 and earlier does not quote results from the getLastError method, which allows remote attackers to execute script in other clients via the NFuse_Application parameter to (1) launch.jsp or (2) launch.asp.
      Memory leak in the Call Telephony Integration (CTI) Framework authentication for Cisco CallManager 3.0 and 3.1 before 3.1(3) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash and reload) via a series of authentication failures, e.g. via incorrect passwords.
      Buffer overflow in newt.c of newt windowing library (libnewt) 0.50.33 and earlier may allow attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code in setuid programs that use libnewt.
      An interaction between Microsoft Outlook Web Access (OWA) with RSA SecurID allows local users to bypass the SecurID authentication for a previous user via several submissions of an OWA Authentication request with the proper OWA password for the previous user, which is eventually accepted by OWA.
      wwwisis 3.45 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands and read files via the parameters (1) prolog or (2) epilog.
      Transparent Network Substrate (TNS) Listener in Oracle 9i 9.0.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a single malformed TCP packet to port 1521.
      The UDP implementation in Linux 2.4.x kernels keeps the IP Identification field at 0 for all non-fragmented packets, which could allow remote attackers to determine that a target system is running Linux.
      The default configuration of Name Service Cache Daemon (nscd) in Caldera OpenLinux 3.1 and 3.1.1 uses cached PTR records instead of consulting the authoritative DNS server for the A record, which could make it easier for remote attackers to bypass applications that restrict access based on host names.
      startkde in KDE for Caldera OpenLinux 2.3 through 3.1.1 sets the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable to include the current working directory, which could allow local users to gain privileges of other users running startkde via Trojan horse libraries.
      The PHP administration script in popper_mod 1.2.1 and earlier relies on Apache .htaccess authentication, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges if the script is not appropriately configured by the administrator.
      PF in OpenBSD 3.0 with the return-rst rule sets the TTL to 128 in the RST packet, which allows remote attackers to determine if a port is being filtered because the TTL is different than the default TTL.
      IPFilter 3.4.25 and earlier sets a different TTL when a port is being filtered than when it is not being filtered, which allows remote attackers to identify filtered ports by comparing TTLs.
      SquirrelMail 1.2.5 and earlier allows authenticated SquirrelMail users to execute arbitrary commands by modifying the THEME variable in a cookie.
      Buffer overflow in X11 library (libX11) on Caldera Open UNIX 8.0.0, UnixWare 7.1.1, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -xrm argument to programs such as (1) dtterm or (2) xterm.
      The SYN cache (syncache) and SYN cookie (syncookie) mechanism in FreeBSD 4.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) (1) via a SYN packet that is accepted using syncookies that causes a null pointer to be referenced for the socket's TCP options, or (2) by killing and restarting a process that listens on the same socket, which does not properly clear the old inpcb pointer on restart.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in functions-inc.asp for ASP-Nuke RC1 allows remote attackers to execute script as other ASP-Nuke users by embedding it within an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in ASP-Nuke RC2 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute script or gain privileges as other ASP-Nuke users via script in (1) the name parameter in downloads.asp, (2) the message parameter in Post.asp, or (3) a web site URL in profile.asp.
      ASP-Nuke RC2 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges by modifying the "pseudo" cookie.
      ASP-Nuke RC2 and earlier allows remote attackers to list all logged-in users by submitting an invalid "pseudo" cookie.
      ASP-Nuke RC2 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the absolute path of the server by (1) calling database-inc.asp with incorrect cookies, or (2) calling Post.asp with certain arguments, which leak the pathname in an error message.
      Format string vulnerabilities in (1) inews or (2) rnews for INN 2.2.3 and earlier allow local users and remote malicious NNTP servers to gain privileges via format string specifiers in NTTP responses.
      Vulnerability in (1) inews or (2) rnews for INN 2.2.3 and earlier, related to insecure open() calls.
      Watchguard SOHO firewall before 5.0.35 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash and reboot) when SOHO forwards a packet with bad IP options.
      Watchguard SOHO firewall 5.0.35 unpredictably disables certain IP restrictions for customized services that were set before the administrator upgrades to 5.0.35, which could allow remote attackers to bypass the intended access control rules.
      HP Photosmart printer driver for Mac OS X installs the hp_imaging_connectivity program and the hp_imaging_connectivity.app directory with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges of other Photosmart users by replacing hp_imaging_connectivity with a Trojan horse.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Novell Web Search 2.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other Web Search users via the search parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in emumail.cgi in EMU Webmail 4.5.x and 5.1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files or list arbitrary directories via a .. (dot dot) in the type parameter.
      EMU Webmail allows local users to execute arbitrary programs via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTP Host header that points to a Trojan horse configuration file that contains a pageroot specifier that contains shell metacharacters.
      phpBB 1.4.4 and earlier with BBcode allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) and corrupt the database via null \0 characters within [code] tags.
      PostBoard 2.0.1 and earlier with BBcode allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) and corrupt the database via null \0 characters within [code] tags.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in PostBoard 2.0.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute script as other users via (1) an [IMG] tag when BBCode is enabled, or (2) in a topic title.
      PHPGroupware 0.9.12 and earlier, when running with the magic_quotes_gpc feature disabled, allows remote attackers to compromise the database via a SQL injection attack.
      The admin.html file in StepWeb Search Engine (SWS) 2.5 stores passwords in links to manager.pl, which allows remote attackers who can access the admin.html file to gain administrative privileges to SWS.
      FTP proxy in Symantec Raptor Firewall 6.5.3 and Enterprise 7.0 rewrites an FTP server's "FTP PORT" responses in a way that allows remote attackers to redirect FTP data connections to arbitrary ports, a variant of the "FTP bounce" vulnerability.
      Demarc PureSecure 1.05 allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via a SQL injection attack in a session ID that is stored in the s_key cookie.
      Nortel CVX 1800 is installed with a default "public" community string, which allows remote attackers to read usernames and passwords and modify the CVX configuration.
      Buffer overflow in Tivoli Storage Manager TSM (1) Server or Storage Agents 3.1 through 5.1, and (2) the TSM Client Acceptor Service 4.2 and 5.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request to port 1580 or port 1581.
      mail in OpenBSD 2.9 and 3.0 processes a tilde (~) escape character in a message even when it is not in interactive mode, which could allow local users to gain root privileges via calls to mail in cron.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Aprelium Abyss Web Server (abyssws) before 1.0.0.2 allows remote attackers to read files outside the web root, including the abyss.conf file, via URL-encoded .. (dot dot) sequences in the HTTP request.
      Aprelium Abyss Web Server (abyssws) before 1.0.3 stores the administrative console password in plaintext in the abyss.conf file, which allows local users with access to the file to gain privileges.
      Cisco Aironet before 11.21 with Telnet enabled allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a series of login attempts with invalid usernames and passwords.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in the mini-browser for Winamp 2.78 and 2.79 allows remote attackers to execute script via an ID3v1 or ID3v2 tag in an MP3 file.
      Buffer overflow in the mini-browser for Winamp 2.79 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long string in the title field of an ID3v2 tag.
      Anthill allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and file bug reports by directly accessing the postbug.php program instead of enterbug.php.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in Anthill allow remote attackers to execute script as other Anthill users.
      Dynamic Guestbook 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in the gbdaten parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Dynamic Guestbook 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute code in clients who access guestbook pages via the parameters (1) name, (2) mail, or (3) kommentar.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Melange Chat server 2.02 allow remote or local attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) a long argument in the /yell command, (2) long lines in the /etc/melange.conf configuration file, (3) long file names, or possibly other attacks.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in SunShop 2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges to SunShop by injecting the script into fields during new customer registration.
      webdriver in IBM Informix Web DataBlade 4.12 allows remote attackers to bypass user access levels or read arbitrary files via a SQL injection attack in an HTTP request.
      IBM Informix Web DataBlade 4.12 unescapes user input even if an application has escaped it, which could allow remote attackers to execute SQL code in a web form even when the developer has attempted to escape it.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Quik-Serv HTTP server 1.1B allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a URL.
      Vulnerability in OpenBSD 3.0, when using YP with netgroups in the password database, causes (1) rexec or (2) rsh to run another user's shell, or (3) atrun to change to a different user's directory, possibly due to memory allocation failures or an incorrect call to auth_approval().
      Directory traversal vulnerability in TYPSoft FTP server 0.97.1 and earlier allows a remote authenticated user (possibly anonymous) to list arbitrary directories via a .. in a LIST (ls) command ending in wildcard *.* characters.
      Buffer overflows in PL/SQL module 3.0.9.8.2 in Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2.x allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via (1) a long help page request without a dadname, which overflows the resulting HTTP Location header, (2) a long HTTP request to the plsql module, (3) a long password in the HTTP Authorization, (4) a long Access Descriptor (DAD) password in the addadd form, or (5) a long cache directory name.
      PL/SQL module 3.0.9.8.2 in Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2.x allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via the OWA_UTIL stored procedures (1) OWA_UTIL.signature, (2) OWA_UTIL.listprint, or (3) OWA_UTIL.show_query_columns.
      The default configuration of the PL/SQL Gateway web administration interface in Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2.x uses null authentication, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges and modify DAD settings.
      The default configuration of Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2.x running Oracle JSP or SQLJSP stores globals.jsa under the web root, which allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information including usernames and passwords via a direct HTTP request to globals.jsa.
      The default configuration of Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2.x allows remote anonymous users to access sensitive services without authentication, including Dynamic Monitoring Services (1) dms0, (2) dms/DMSDump, (3) servlet/DMSDump, (4) servlet/Spy, (5) soap/servlet/Spy, and (6) dms/AggreSpy; and Oracle Java Process Manager (7) oprocmgr-status and (8) oprocmgr-service, which can be used to control Java processes.
      PL/SQL module 3.0.9.8.2 in Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2.x allows remote attackers to bypass authentication for a Database Access Descriptor (DAD) by modifying the URL to reference an alternate DAD that already has valid credentials.
      Oracle 9iAS 1.0.2.x compiles JSP files in the _pages directory with world-readable permissions under the web root, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information derived from the JSP code, including usernames and passwords, via a direct HTTP request to _pages.
      PL/SQL module 3.0.9.8.2 in Oracle 9i Application Server 1.0.2.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP Authorization header without an authentication type.
      Oracle 8i and 9i with PL/SQL package for External Procedures (EXTPROC) allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and execute arbitrary functions by using the TNS Listener to directly connect to the EXTPROC process.
      Oracle 9i Application Server stores XSQL and SOAP configuration files insecurely, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information including usernames and passwords by requesting (1) XSQLConfig.xml or (2) soapConfig.xml through a virtual directory.
      Oracle 9i Application Server allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for configuration files via a direct request to the XSQL Servlet (XSQLServlet).
      The encrypted loop device in Linux kernel 2.4.10 and earlier does not authenticate the entity that is encrypting data, which allows local users to modify encrypted data without knowing the key.
      Oracle Oracle9i database server 9.0.1.x allows local users to access restricted data via a SQL query using ANSI outer join syntax.
      FreeBSD 4.5 and earlier, and possibly other BSD-based operating systems, allows local users to write to or read from restricted files by closing the file descriptors 0 (standard input), 1 (standard output), or 2 (standard error), which may then be reused by a called setuid process that intended to perform I/O on normal files.
      Format string vulnerability in RPC wall daemon (rpc.rwalld) for Solaris 2.5.1 through 8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format strings in a message that is not properly provided to the syslog function when the wall command cannot be executed.
      Memory leak in FreeBSD 4.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory exhaustion) via ICMP echo packets that trigger a bug in ip_output() in which the reference count for a routing table entry is not decremented, which prevents the entry from being removed.
      Buffer overflow in OpenSSH before 2.9.9, and 3.x before 3.2.1, with Kerberos/AFS support and KerberosTgtPassing or AFSTokenPassing enabled, allows remote and local authenticated users to gain privileges.
      ColdFusion 5.0 and earlier on Windows systems allows remote attackers to determine the absolute pathname of .cfm or .dbm files via an HTTP request that contains an MS-DOS device name such as NUL, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      Vulnerability in passwd for HP-UX 11.00 and 11.11 allows local users to corrupt the password file and cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in 4D WebServer 6.7.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an HTTP request with Basic Authentication containing a long (1) user name or (2) password.
      WorkforceROI Xpede 4.1 allows remote attackers to gain privileges as an Xpede administrator via a direct HTTP request to the /admin/adminproc.asp script, which does not prompt for a password.
      WorkforceROI Xpede 4.1 allows remote attackers to obtain the database username via a request to datasource.asp, which leaks the username in a form and allows the attacker to more easily conduct brute force password guessing attacks.
      WorkforceROI Xpede 4.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and read, modify, or steal credentials from the database via the Qry parameter in the sprc.asp script.
      WorkforceROI Xpede 4.1 stores temporary expense claim reports in a world-readable and indexable /reports/temp directory, which allows remote attackers to read the reports by accessing the directory.
      WorkforceROI Xpede 4.1 uses a small random namespace (5 alphanumeric characters) for temporary expense claim reports in the /reports/temp directory, which allows remote attackers to read the reports via a brute force attack.
      WorkforceROI Xpede 4.1 allows remote attackers to read user timesheets by modifying the TSN ID parameter to the ts_app_process.asp script, which is easily guessable because it is incremented by 1 for each new timesheet.
      Unknown vulnerability in ndd for HP-UX 11.11 with certain TRANSPORT patches allows attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Format string vulnerability in Ns_PdLog function for the external database driver proxy daemon library (libnspd.a) of AOLServer 3.0 through 3.4.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the Error or Notice parameters.
      Buffer overflow in Ns_PdLog function for the external database driver proxy daemon library (libnspd.a) of AOLServer 3.0 through 3.4.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via the Error or Notice parameters.
      PVote before 1.9 does not authenticate users for restricted operations, which allows remote attackers to add or delete polls by modifying parameters to (1) add.php or (2) del.php.
      PVote before 1.9 allows remote attackers to change the administrative password and gain privileges by directly calling ch_info.php with the newpass and confirm parameters both set to the new password.
      Cross-site scripting (CSS) vulnerability in IcrediBB 1.1 Beta allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script and steal cookies as other IcrediBB users via the (1) title or (2) body of posts.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.8 beta and earlier allows remote attackers to create arbitrary files and execute commands via a Direct Connection with an IMG tag with a SRC attribute that specifies the target filename.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) allows remote attackers to steal files that are being transferred to other clients by connecting to port 4443 (Direct Connection) or port 5190 (file transfer) before the intended user.
      Buffer overflow in Netscape 6 and Mozilla 1.0 RC1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long channel name in an IRC URI.
      Netscape 6 and Mozilla 1.0 RC1 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the existence of files on the client system via a LINK element in a Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) page that causes an HTTP redirect.
      Buffer overflow in WTRS_UI.EXE (WTX_REMOTE.DLL) for WebTrends Reporting Center 4.0d allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request to the /reports/ directory.
      WebTrends Reporting Center 4.0d allows remote attackers to determine the real path of the web server via a GET request to get_od_toc.pl with an empty Profile parameter, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      LANMAN service on Microsoft Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU/memory exhaustion) via a stream of malformed data to microsoft-ds port 445.
      Format string vulnerability in Foundstone FScan 1.12 with banner grabbing enabled allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on the scanning system via format string specifiers in the server banner.
      Blahz-DNS 0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and modify configuration by directly requesting CGI programs such as dostuff.php instead of going through the login screen.
      Heap overflow in the KTH Kerberos 4 FTP client 4-1.1.1 allows remote malicious servers to execute arbitrary code on the client via a long response to a passive (PASV) mode request.
      ISS RealSecure Network Sensor 5.x through 6.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed DHCP packets that cause RealSecure to dereference a null pointer.
      Snapgear Lite+ firewall 1.5.4 and 1.5.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of connections to (1) the HTTP web management port, or (2) the PPTP port.
      Snapgear Lite+ firewall 1.5.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (IPSEC crash) via a zero length packet to UDP port 500.
      Snapgear Lite+ firewall 1.5.3 and 1.5.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of packets with malformed IP options.
      Buffer overflow in Flash OCX for Macromedia Flash 6 revision 23 (6,0,23,0) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long movie parameter.
      Buffer overflow in 3Cdaemon 2.0 FTP server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via long commands such as login.
      members.asp in Snitz Forums 2000 version 3.3.03 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a SQL injection attack on the parameters (1) M_NAME, (2) UserName, (3) FirstName, (4) LastName, or (5) INITIAL.
      Buffer overflow in Matu FTP client 1.74 allows remote FTP servers to execute arbitrary code via a long "220" banner.
      Vulnerability in HP MPE/iX 6.0 through 7.0 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (system failure with "SA1457 out of i_port_timeout.fix_up_message_frame") via malformed IP packets.
      Vulnerability in FTPSRVR in HP MPE/iX 6.0 through 7.0 does not properly validate certain FTP commands, which allows attackers to gain privileges.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in FileSeek.cgi allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ....// (modified dot dot) in the (1) head or (2) foot parameters, which are not properly filtered.
      FileSeek.cgi allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the (1) head or (2) foot parameters.
      dnstools.php for DNSTools 2.0 beta 4 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges by setting the user_logged_in or user_dnstools_administrator parameters.
      PHP-Survey 20000615 and earlier stores the global.inc file under the web root, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information, including database credentials, if .inc files are not preprocessed by the server.
      The Windows Media Active Playlist in Microsoft Windows Media Player 7.1 stores information in a well known location on the local file system, allowing attackers to execute HTML scripts in the Local Computer zone, aka "Media Playback Script Invocation".
      The Macro Security Model in Microsoft Excel 2000 and 2002 for Windows allows remote attackers to execute code by attaching an inline macro to an object within an Excel workbook, aka the "Excel Inline Macros Vulnerability."
      The Macro Security Model in Microsoft Excel 2000 and 2002 for Windows allows remote attackers to execute code by creating a hyperlink on a drawing shape in a source workbook that points to a destination workbook containing an autoexecute macro, aka "Hyperlinked Excel Workbook Macro Bypass."
      The Macro Security Model in Microsoft Excel 2000 and 2002 for Windows allows remote attackers to execute code in the Local Computer zone by embedding HTML scripts within an Excel workbook that contains an XSL stylesheet, aka "Excel XSL Stylesheet Script Execution".
      The Mail Merge Tool in Microsoft Word 2002 for Windows, when Microsoft Access is present on a system, allows remote attackers to execute Visual Basic (VBA) scripts within a mail merge document that is saved in HTML format, aka a "Variant of MS00-071, Word Mail Merge Vulnerability" (CVE-2000-0788).
      Buffer overflow in the Profile Service of Microsoft Commerce Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause the server to fail or run arbitrary code in the LocalSystem security context via an input field using an affected API.
      Buffer overflow in the Office Web Components (OWC) package installer used by Microsoft Commerce Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause the process to fail or run arbitrary code in the LocalSystem security context via certain input to the OWC package installer.
      The Office Web Components (OWC) package installer for Microsoft Commerce Server 2000 allows remote attackers to execute commands by passing the commands as input to the OWC package installer, aka "OWC Package Command Execution".
      Buffer overflow in AuthFilter ISAPI filter on Microsoft Commerce Server 2000 and 2002 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long authentication data, aka "New Variant of the ISAPI Filter Buffer Overrun".
      Buffer overflow in the password encryption function of Microsoft SQL Server 2000, including Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000, allows remote attackers to gain control of the database and execute arbitrary code via SQL Server Authentication, aka "Unchecked Buffer in Password Encryption Procedure."
      Polycom ViewStation before 7.2.4 has a default null password for the administrator account, which allows arbitrary users to conduct unauthorized activities.
      The Web server for Polycom ViewStation before 7.2.4 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and read files via Unicode encoded requests.
      The Telnet service for Polycom ViewStation before 7.2.4 does not restrict the number of failed login attempts, which makes it easier for remote attackers to guess usernames and passwords via a brute force attack.
      The Telnet service for Polycom ViewStation before 7.2.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via multiple connections to the server.
      The Telnet service for Polycom ViewStation before 7.2.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via long or malformed ICMP packets.
      Unknown vulnerability in nveventd in NetVisualyzer on SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.16 allows local users to write arbitrary files and gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in SGI BDS (Bulk Data Service) BDSPro 2.4 and earlier allows clients to read arbitrary files on a BDS server.
      InterScan VirusWall 3.52 build 1462 allows remote attackers to bypass virus protection via e-mail messages with headers that violate RFC specifications by having (or missing) space characters in unexpected places (aka "space gap"), such as (1) Content-Type :", (2) "Content-Transfer-Encoding :", (3) no space before a boundary declaration, or (4) "boundary= ", which is processed by Outlook Express.
      setpwnam.c in the util-linux package, as included in Red Hat Linux 7.3 and earlier, and other operating systems, does not properly lock a temporary file when modifying /etc/passwd, which may allow local users to gain privileges via a complex race condition that uses an open file descriptor in utility programs such as chfn and chsh.
      Integer overflow in sshd in OpenSSH 2.9.9 through 3.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code during challenge response authentication (ChallengeResponseAuthentication) when OpenSSH is using SKEY or BSD_AUTH authentication.
      Buffer overflow in sshd in OpenSSH 2.3.1 through 3.3 may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a large number of responses during challenge response authentication when OpenBSD is using PAM modules with interactive keyboard authentication (PAMAuthenticationViaKbdInt).
      Buffer overflow in bulk insert procedure of Microsoft SQL Server 2000, including Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000, allows attackers with database administration privileges to execute arbitrary code via a long filename in the BULK INSERT query.
      The registry key containing the SQL Server service account information in Microsoft SQL Server 2000, including Microsoft SQL Server Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000, has insecure permissions, which allows local users to gain privileges, aka "Incorrect Permission on SQL Server Service Account Registry Key."
      The installation of Microsoft Data Engine 1.0 (MSDE 1.0), and Microsoft SQL Server 2000 creates setup.iss files with insecure permissions and does not delete them after installation, which allows local users to obtain sensitive data, including weakly encrypted passwords, to gain privileges, aka "SQL Server Installation Process May Leave Passwords on System."
      Buffer overflow in several Database Consistency Checkers (DBCCs) for Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and Microsoft Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000 allows members of the db_owner and db_ddladmin roles to execute arbitrary code.
      SQL injection vulnerability in stored procedures for Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and Microsoft Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000 may allow authenticated users to execute arbitrary commands.
      Buffer overflow in a legacy ActiveX control used to display specially formatted text in Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, aka "Buffer Overrun in Legacy Text Formatting ActiveX Control".
      The legacy <script> data-island capability for XML in Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary XML files, and portions of other files, via a URL whose "src" attribute redirects to a local file.
      Multiple buffer overflows in the Resolution Service for Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and Microsoft Desktop Engine 2000 (MSDE) allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via UDP packets to port 1434 in which (1) a 0x04 byte that causes the SQL Monitor thread to generate a long registry key name, or (2) a 0x08 byte with a long string causes heap corruption, as exploited by the Slammer/Sapphire worm.
      The keep-alive mechanism for Microsoft SQL Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (bandwidth consumption) via a "ping" style packet to the Resolution Service (UDP port 1434) with a spoofed IP address of another SQL Server system, which causes the two servers to exchange packets in an infinite loop.
      Buffer overflow in the DNS resolver code used in libc, glibc, and libbind, as derived from ISC BIND, allows remote malicious DNS servers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via the stub resolvers.
      xfsmd for IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.16 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters that are not properly filtered from several calls to the popen() function, such as export_fs().
      Off-by-one buffer overflow in the ssl_compat_directive function, as called by the rewrite_command hook for mod_ssl Apache module 2.8.9 and earlier, allows local users to execute arbitrary code as the Apache server user via .htaccess files with long entries.
      Apache 2.0 through 2.0.39 on Windows, OS2, and Netware allows remote attackers to determine the full pathname of the server via (1) a request for a .var file, which leaks the pathname in the resulting error message, or (2) via an error message that occurs when a script (child process) cannot be invoked.
      OpenSSL 0.9.6d and earlier, and 0.9.7-beta2 and earlier, does not properly handle ASCII representations of integers on 64 bit platforms, which could allow attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflows in OpenSSL 0.9.6d and earlier, and 0.9.7-beta2 and earlier, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) a large client master key in SSL2 or (2) a large session ID in SSL3.
      Buffer overflow in OpenSSL 0.9.7 before 0.9.7-beta3, with Kerberos enabled, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long master key.
      OSSP mm library (libmm) before 1.2.0 allows the local Apache user to gain privileges via temporary files, possibly via a symbolic link attack.
      The ASN1 library in OpenSSL 0.9.6d and earlier, and 0.9.7-beta2 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via invalid encodings.
      Buffer overflow in libpng 1.0.12-3.woody.2 and libpng3 1.2.1-1.1.woody.2 on Debian GNU/Linux 3.0, and other operating systems, may allow attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code, a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-0728.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Apache 2.0 through 2.0.39 on Windows, OS2, and Netware allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and execute commands via .. (dot dot) sequences containing \ (backslash) characters.
      scrollkeeper-get-cl in ScrollKeeper 0.3 to 0.3.11 allows local users to create and overwrite files via a symlink attack on the scrollkeeper-tempfile.x temporary files.
      Buffer overflow in HTTP Proxy for Symantec Norton Personal Internet Firewall 3.0.4.91 and Norton Internet Security 2001 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a large outgoing HTTP request.
      The default Access Control Lists (ACLs) of the administration database for ZMerge 4.x and 5.x provides arbitrary users (including anonymous users) with Manager level access, which allows the users to read or modify import/export scripts.
      Macromedia JRun Administration Server allows remote attackers to bypass authentication on the login form via an extra slash (/) in the URL.
      IPSEC implementations including (1) FreeS/WAN and (2) KAME do not properly calculate the length of authentication data, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via spoofed, short Encapsulating Security Payload (ESP) packets, which result in integer signedness errors.
      Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 has a default null administrator password, which could allow remote attackers to gain access to the phone.
      The web interface for Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 allows authenticated users to modify the Call Forwarding settings and hijack calls.
      The web interface for Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 allows administrators to cause a denial of service by modifying the SIP_AUTHENTICATE_SCHEME value to force authentication of incoming calls, which does not notify the user when an authentication failure occurs.
      The web interface for Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 uses Base64 encoded usernames and passwords for HTTP basic authentication, which allows remote attackers to steal and easily decode the passwords via sniffing.
      Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 downloads phone applications from a web site but can not verify the integrity of the applications, which could allow remote attackers to install Trojan horse applications via DNS spoofing.
      Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 allows attackers with physical access to restore the phone to factory defaults without authentication via a menu option, which sets the administrator password to null.
      The enrollment process for Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 allows attackers with physical access to the phone to log out the current user and re-register the phone using MyPingtel Sign-In to gain remote access and perform unauthorized actions.
      Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 does not "time out" an inactive administrator session, which could allow other users to perform administrator actions if the administrator does not explicitly end the authentication.
      Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 1.2.7.4 does not require administrative privileges to perform a firmware upgrade, which allows unauthorized users to upgrade the phone.
      SoftwareUpdate for MacOS 10.1.x does not use authentication when downloading a software update, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by posing as the Apple update server via techniques such as DNS spoofing or cache poisoning, and supplying Trojan Horse updates.
      CDE ToolTalk database server (ttdbserver) allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary memory locations with a zero, and possibly gain privileges, via a file descriptor argument in an AUTH_UNIX procedure call, which is used as a table index by the _TT_ISCLOSE procedure.
      CDE ToolTalk database server (ttdbserver) allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the transaction log file used by the _TT_TRANSACTION RPC procedure.
      Buffer overflow in Common Desktop Environment (CDE) ToolTalk RPC database server (rpc.ttdbserverd) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an argument to the _TT_CREATE_FILE procedure.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in GoAhead Web Server 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL with an encoded / (%5C) in a .. (dot dot) sequence.  NOTE: it is highly likely that this candidate will be REJECTED because it has been reported to be a duplicate of CVE-2001-0228.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in GoAhead Web Server 2.1 allows remote attackers to execute script as other web users via script in a URL that generates a "404 not found" message, which does not quote the script.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 4.0.3 allows remote attackers to execute script as other web users via script in a URL with the /servlet/ mapping, which does not filter the script when an exception is thrown by the servlet.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Carello 1.3 allows remote attackers to execute programs on the server via a .. (dot dot) in the VBEXE parameter.
      Buffer overflow in DNS resolver functions that perform lookup of network names and addresses, as used in BIND 4.9.8 and ported to glibc 2.2.5 and earlier, allows remote malicious DNS servers to execute arbitrary code through a subroutine used by functions such as getnetbyname and getnetbyaddr.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the message decoding functionality for PGP Outlook Encryption Plug-In, as used in NAI PGP Desktop Security 7.0.4, Personal Security 7.0.3, and Freeware 7.0.3, allows remote attackers to modify the heap and gain privileges via a large, malformed mail message.
      Buffer overflow in the search component for iPlanet Web Server (iWS) 4.1 and Sun ONE Web Server 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to the NS-rel-doc-name parameter.
      The "through the web code" capability for Zope 2.0 through 2.5.1 b1 allows untrusted users to shut down the Zope server via certain headers.
      ZCatalog plug-in index support capability for Zope 2.4.0 through 2.5.1 allows anonymous users and untrusted code to bypass access restrictions and call arbitrary methods of catalog indexes.
      Format string vulnerability in McAfee Security ePolicy Orchestrator (ePO) 2.5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an HTTP GET request with a URI containing format strings.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01 and 5.5 allows remote attackers to execute scripts in the Local Computer zone via a URL that references a local HTML resource file, a variant of "Cross-Site Scripting in Local HTML Resource" as identified by CAN-2002-0189.
      Buffer overflow in SmartHTML Interpreter (shtml.dll) in Microsoft FrontPage Server Extensions (FPSE) 2000 and 2002 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) or run arbitrary code, respectively, via a certain type of web file request.
      Buffer overflow in the HTML Help ActiveX Control (hhctrl.ocx) in Microsoft Windows 98, 98 Second Edition, Millennium Edition, NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Server Edition, Windows 2000, and Windows XP allows remote attackers to execute code via (1) a long parameter to the Alink function, or (2) script containing a long argument to the showHelp function.
      The HTML Help facility in Microsoft Windows 98, 98 Second Edition, Millennium Edition, NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Server Edition, Windows 2000, and Windows XP uses the Local Computer Security Zone when opening .chm files from the Temporary Internet Files folder, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via HTML mail that references or inserts a malicious .chm file containing shortcuts that can be executed, aka "Code Execution via Compiled HTML Help File."
      Buffer overflow in the Transact-SQL (T-SQL) OpenRowSet component of Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC) 2.5 through 2.7 for SQL Server 7.0 or 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a query that calls the OpenRowSet command.
      Microsoft Visual FoxPro 6.0 does not register its associated files with Internet Explorer, which allows remote attackers to execute Visual FoxPro applications without warning via HTML that references specially-crafted filenames.
      Microsoft Metadirectory Services (MMS) 2.2 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and modify sensitive data by using an LDAP client to directly connect to MMS and bypass the checks for MMS credentials.
      Buffer overflow in Internet Mail Connector (IMC) for Microsoft Exchange Server 5.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an EHLO request from a system with a long name as obtained through a reverse DNS lookup, which triggers the overflow in IMC's hello response.
      Unknown vulnerability in the Certificate Enrollment ActiveX Control in Microsoft Windows 98, Windows 98 Second Edition, Windows Millennium, Windows NT 4.0, Windows 2000, and Windows XP allow remote attackers to delete digital certificates on a user's system via HTML.
      Buffer overflow in a system function that performs user authentication for Microsoft Content Management Server (MCMS) 2001 allows attackers to execute code in the Local System context by authenticating to a web page that calls the function, aka "Unchecked Buffer in MDAC Function Could Enable SQL Server Compromise."
      ktrace in BSD-based operating systems allows the owner of a process with special privileges to trace the process after its privileges have been lowered, which may allow the owner to obtain sensitive information that the process obtained while it was running with the extra privileges.
      Format string vulnerabilities in the logging routines for dynamic DNS code (print.c) of ISC DHCP daemon (DHCPD) 3 to 3.0.1rc8, with the NSUPDATE option enabled, allow remote malicious DNS servers to execute arbitrary code via format strings in a DNS server response.
      An interaction between the Perl MD5 module (perl-Digest-MD5) and Perl could produce incorrect MD5 checksums for UTF-8 data, which could prevent a system from properly verifying the integrity of the data.
      The Network Address Translation (NAT) capability for Netfilter ("iptables") 1.2.6a and earlier leaks translated IP addresses in ICMP error messages.
      The Web Reports Server for SurfControl SuperScout WebFilter stores the "scwebusers" username and password file in a web-accessible directory, which allows remote attackers to obtain valid usernames and crack the passwords.
      UserManager.js in the Web Reports Server for SurfControl SuperScout WebFilter uses weak encryption for administrator functions, which allows remote attackers to decrypt the administrative password using a hard-coded key in a Javascript function.
      The Web Reports Server for SurfControl SuperScout WebFilter allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via large GET requests, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the Web Reports Server for SurfControl SuperScout WebFilter allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an HTTP request containing ... (triple dot) sequences.
      SQL injection vulnerabilities in the Web Reports Server for SurfControl SuperScout WebFilter allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries via the RunReport option to SimpleBar.dll, and possibly other DLLs.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in sendform.cgi 1.44 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the desired files in the BlurbFilePath parameter.
      Unknown vulnerability in Cluster Interconnect for HP TruCluster Server 5.0A, 5.1, and 5.1A may allow local and remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Entrust Authority Security Manager (EASM) 6.0 does not properly require multiple master users to change the password of a master user, which could allow a master user to perform operations that require multiple authorizations.
      Buffer overflows in Squid before 2.4.STABLE6 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code (1) via the MSNT auth helper (msnt_auth) when using denyusers or allowusers files, (2) via the gopher client, or (3) via the FTP server directory listing parser when HTML output is generated.
      FTP proxy in Squid before 2.4.STABLE6 does not compare the IP addresses of control and data connections with the FTP server, which allows remote attackers to bypass firewall rules or spoof FTP server responses.
      Vulnerability in Squid before 2.4.STABLE6 related to proxy authentication credentials may allow remote web sites to obtain the user's proxy login and password.
      Format string vulnerability in crontab for SCO OpenServer 5.0.5 and 5.0.6 allows local users to gain privileges via format string specifiers in the file name argument.
      PHP 4.2.0 and 4.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an HTTP POST request with certain arguments in a multipart/form-data form, which generates an error condition that is not properly handled and causes improper memory to be freed.
      Web authoring command in Microsoft Content Management Server (MCMS) 2001 allows attackers to authenticate and upload executable content, by modifying the upload location, aka "Program Execution via MCMS Authoring Function."
      SQL injection vulnerability in the function that services for Microsoft Content Management Server (MCMS) 2001 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an MCMS resource request for image files or other files.
      A handler routine for the Network Connection Manager (NCM) in Windows 2000 allows local users to gain privileges via a complex attack that causes the handler to run in the LocalSystem context with user-specified code.
      Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and 2000 installs with weak permissions for extended stored procedures that are associated with helper functions, which could allow unprivileged users, and possibly remote attackers, to run stored procedures with administrator privileges via (1) xp_execresultset, (2) xp_printstatements, or (3) xp_displayparamstmt.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.01, 5.5, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to misrepresent the source of a file in the File Download dialogue box to trick users into thinking that the file type is safe to download, aka "File Origin Spoofing."
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 does not properly verify the domain of a frame within a browser window, which allows remote attackers to read client files or invoke executable objects via the Object tag, aka "Cross Domain Verification in Object Tag."
      Buffer overflow in SMB (Server Message Block) protocol in Microsoft Windows NT, Windows 2000, and Windows XP allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a SMB_COM_TRANSACTION packet with a request for the (1) NetShareEnum, (2) NetServerEnum2, or (3) NetServerEnum3, aka "Unchecked Buffer in Network Share Provider Can Lead to Denial of Service".
      NTFS file system in Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 SP2 allows local attackers to hide file usage activities via a hard link to the target file, which causes the link to be recorded in the audit trail instead of the target file.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Terminal Services Advanced Client (TSAC) ActiveX control allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long server name field.
      The Host function in Microsoft Office Web Components (OWC) 2000 and 2002 is exposed in components that are marked as safe for scripting, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the setTimeout method.
      Buffer overflow in the progressive reader for libpng 1.2.x before 1.2.4, and 1.0.x before 1.0.14, allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a PNG data stream that has more IDAT data than indicated by the IHDR chunk.
      Microsoft SQL Server 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed 0x08 packet that is missing a colon separator.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in guestbook.pl for Philip Chinery's Guestbook 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute Javascript or HTML via fields such as (1) Name, (2) EMail, or (3) Homepage.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in demonstration scripts for vqServer allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script via a link that contains the script in arguments to demo scripts such as respond.pl.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in MyGuestbook 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script or inject HTML via fields such as (1) user name or (2) comments.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in thttpd 2.20 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script via a URL to a nonexistent page, which causes thttpd to insert the script into a 404 error message.
      b2edit.showposts.php in B2 2.0.6pre2 and earlier does not properly load the b2config.php file in some configurations, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL that sets the $b2inc variable to point to a malicious program stored on a remote server.
      Format string vulnerability in the logging() function in C-Note Squid LDAP authentication module (squid_auth_LDAP) 2.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code by triggering log messages.
      Microsoft BackOffice 4.0 and 4.5, when configured to be accessible by other systems, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and access the administrative ASP pages via an HTTP request with an authorization type (auth_type) that is not blank.
      Sambar web server before 5.2 beta 1 allows remote attackers to obtain source code of server-side scripts, or cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via DOS devices, using a URL that ends with a space and a null character.
      MHonArc 2.5.2 and earlier does not properly filter Javascript from archived e-mail messages, which could allow remote attackers to execute script in web clients by (1) splitting the SCRIPT tag into smaller pieces, (2) including the script in a SRC argument to an IMG tag, or (3) using "&={script}" syntax.
      Cross-site scripting in PostCalendar 3.02 allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary HTML and script, and steal cookies, by modifying a calendar entry in its preview page.
      Buffer overflow in slrnpull for the SLRN package, when installed setuid or setgid, allows local users to gain privileges via a long -d (SPOOLDIR) argument.
      psyBNC 2.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and resource exhaustion) by sending a PASS command with a long password argument and quickly killing the connection, which is not properly terminated by psyBNC.
      Buffer overflow in pioout on AIX 4.3.3.
      mail and mailx in AIX 4.3.3 core dump when called with a very long argument, an indication of a buffer overflow.
      namerslv in AIX 4.3.3 core dumps when called with a very long argument, possibly as a result of a buffer overflow.
      Buffer overflow in uucp in AIX 4.3.3.
      Vulnerability in template.dhcpo in AIX 4.3.3 related to an insecure linker argument.
      Buffer overflow in lsmcode in AIX 4.3.3.
      LabVIEW Web Server 5.1.1 through 6.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP GET request that ends in two newline characters, instead of the expected carriage return/newline combinations.
      CGIscript.net csMailto.cgi allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the form-attachment field.
      CGIscript.net csMailto.cgi program allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the target filename in the form-attachment field.
      CGIscript.net csMailto.cgi program allows remote attackers to use csMailto as a "spam proxy" and send mail to arbitrary users via modified (1) form-to, (2) form-from, and (3) form-results parameters.
      CGIscript.net csMailto.cgi program exports feedback to a file that is accessible from the web document root, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by directly accessing the file.
      Buffer overflow in Talentsoft Web+ 5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an HTTP request with a long cookie.
      Kerberos 5 su (k5su) in FreeBSD 4.4 and earlier relies on the getlogin system call to determine if the user running k5su is root, which could allow a root-initiated process to regain its privileges after it has dropped them.
      Kerberos 5 su (k5su) in FreeBSD 4.5 and earlier does not verify that a user is a member of the wheel group before granting superuser privileges, which could allow unauthorized users to execute commands as root.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in the authentication page for (1) Webmin 0.96 and (2) Usermin 0.90 allows remote attackers to insert script into an error page and possibly steal cookies.
      (1) Webmin 0.96 and (2) Usermin 0.90 with password timeouts enabled allow local and possibly remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges via certain control characters in the authentication information, which can force Webmin or Usermin to accept arbitrary username/session ID combinations.
      ifup-dhcp script in the sysconfig package for SuSE 8.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via spoofed DHCP responses, which are stored and executed in a file.
      bzip2 before 1.0.2 in FreeBSD 4.5 and earlier, OpenLinux 3.1 and 3.1.1, and possibly other operating systems, does not use the O_EXCL flag to create files during decompression and does not warn the user if an existing file would be overwritten, which could allow attackers to overwrite files via a bzip2 archive.
      Race condition in bzip2 before 1.0.2 in FreeBSD 4.5 and earlier, OpenLinux 3.1 and 3.1.1, and possibly other operating systems, decompresses files with world-readable permissions before setting the permissions to what is specified in the bzip2 archive, which could allow local users to read the files as they are being decompressed.
      bzip2 before 1.0.2 in FreeBSD 4.5 and earlier, OpenLinux 3.1 and 3.1.1, and possibly systems, uses the permissions of symbolic links instead of the actual files when creating an archive, which could cause the files to be extracted with less restrictive permissions than intended.
      shadow package in SuSE 8.0 allows local users to destroy the /etc/passwd and /etc/shadow files or assign extra group privileges to some users by changing filesize limits before calling programs that modify the files.
      Vulnerability in administration server for HP VirtualVault 4.5 on HP-UX 11.04 allows remote web servers or privileged external processes to bypass access restrictions and establish connections to the server.
      Phorum 3.3.2a allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via an HTTP request to (1) plugin.php, (2) admin.php, or (3) del.php that modifies the PHORUM[settings_dir] variable to point to a directory that contains a PHP file with the commands.
      sshd in OpenSSH 3.2.2, when using YP with netgroups and under certain conditions, may allow users to successfully authenticate and log in with another user's password.
      OpenBSD 2.9 through 3.1 allows local users to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) and gain root privileges by filling the kernel's file descriptor table and closing file descriptors 0, 1, or 2 before executing a privileged process, which is not properly handled when OpenBSD fails to open an alternate descriptor.
      simpleinit on Linux systems does not close a read/write FIFO file descriptor before creating a child process, which allows the child process to cause simpleinit to execute arbitrary programs with root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in lukemftp FTP client in SuSE 6.4 through 8.0, and possibly other operating systems, allows a malicious FTP server to execute arbitrary code via a long PASV command.
      The web-based configuration interface for the Cisco ATA 186 Analog Telephone Adaptor allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via an HTTP POST request with a single byte, which allows the attackers to (1) obtain the password from the login screen, or (2) reconfigure the adaptor by modifying certain request parameters.
      Quake 2 (Q2) server 3.20 and 3.21 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive server cvar variables, obtain directory listings, and execute Q2 server admin commands via a client that does not expand "$" macros, which causes the server to expand the macros and leak the information, as demonstrated using "say $rcon_password."
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in viewcvs.cgi for ViewCVS 0.9.2 allows remote attackers to inject script and steal cookies via the (1) cvsroot or (2) sortby parameters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in dsnmanager.asp for Hosting Controller allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and directories via a .. (dot dot) in the RootName parameter.
      imp_rootdir.asp for Hosting Controller allows remote attackers to copy or delete arbitrary files and directories via a direct request to imp_rootdir.asp and modifying parameters such as (1) ftp, (2) owwwPath, and (3) oftpPath.
      Hosting Controller creates a default user AdvWebadmin with a default password, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges if the password is not changed.
      browse.asp in Hosting Controller allows remote attackers to view arbitrary directories by specifying the target pathname in the FilePath parameter.
      getuserdesc.asp in Hosting Controller 2002 allows remote attackers to change the passwords of arbitrary users and gain privileges by modifying the username parameter, as addressed by the "UpdateUser" hot fix.
      Buffer overflow in the LDAP component of Ipswitch IMail 7.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long "bind DN" parameter.
      The default configuration of the proxy for Cisco Cache Engine and Content Engine allows remote attackers to use HTTPS to make TCP connections to allowed IP addresses while hiding the actual source IP.
      FTP proxy server for Novell BorderManager 3.6 SP 1a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (network connectivity loss) via a connection to port 21 with a large amount of random data.
      IP/IPX gateway for Novell BorderManager 3.6 SP 1a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a connection to port 8225 with a large amount of random data, which causes ipipxgw.nlm to ABEND.
      RTSP proxy for Novell BorderManager 3.6 SP 1a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a GET request to port 9090 followed by a series of carriage returns, which causes proxy.nlm to ABEND.
      Novell BorderManager 3.5 with PAT (Port-Address Translate) enabled allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by filling the connection table with a large number of connection requests to hosts that do not have a specific route, which may be forwarded to the public interface.
      Opera 6.01, 6.0, and 5.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript in the security context of other sites by setting the location of a frame or iframe to a Javascript: URL.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Lysias Lidik web server 0.7b allows remote attackers to list directories via an HTTP request with a ... (modified dot dot).
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an "AddBuddy" link with the ScreenName parameter set to a large number of comma-separated values, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      iCon administrative web server for Critical Path inJoin Directory Server 4.0 allows authenticated inJoin administrators to read arbitrary files by specifying the target file in the LOG parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in iCon administrative web server for Critical Path inJoin Directory Server 4.0 allow remote attackers to execute script as the administrator via administrator URLs with modified (1) LOCID or (2) OC parameters.
      An interaction between PGP 7.0.3 with the "wipe deleted files" option, when used on Windows Encrypted File System (EFS), creates a cleartext temporary files that cannot be wiped or deleted due to strong permissions, which could allow certain local users or attackers with physical access to obtain cleartext information.
      Buffer overflow in search.cgi in mnoGoSearch 3.1.19 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long query (q) parameter.
      clchkspuser and clpasswdremote in AIX expose an encrypted password in the cspoc.log file, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Novell Netware FTP server NWFTPD before 5.02r allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a connection to the server followed by a carriage return, and possibly other invalid commands with improper syntax or length.
      The web management interface for Cisco Content Service Switch (CSS) 11000 switches allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (soft reset) via (1) an HTTPS POST request, or (2) malformed XML data.
      Hard link and possibly symbolic link following vulnerabilities in QNX RTOS 4.25 (aka QNX4) allow local users to overwrite arbitrary files via (1) the -f argument to the monitor utility, (2) the -d argument to dumper, (3) the -c argument to crttrap, or (4) using the Watcom sample utility.
      The accept_filter mechanism in FreeBSD 4 through 4.5 does not properly remove entries from the incomplete listen queue when adding a syncache, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (network service availability) via a large number of connection attempts, which fills the queue.
      The rc system startup script for FreeBSD 4 through 4.5 allows local users to delete arbitrary files via a symlink attack on X Windows lock files.
      Format string vulnerability in the logging component of snmpdx for Solaris 5.6 through 8 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Buffer overflow in the MIB parsing component of mibiisa for Solaris 5.6 through 8 allows remote attackers to gain root privileges.
      Vulnerability in swinstall for HP-UX 11.00 and 11.11 allows local users to view obtain data views for files that cannot be directly read by the user, which reportedly can be used to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in YoungZSoft CMailServer 3.30 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long USER argument.
      BadBlue 1.7.0 allows remote attackers to list the contents of directories via a URL with an encoded '%' character at the end.
      Buffer overflow in the ISAPI DLL filter for Macromedia JRun 3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a direct request to the filter with a long HTTP host header field in a URL for a .jsp file.
      The multibyte support in PostgreSQL 6.5.x with SQL_ASCII encoding consumes an extra character when processing a character that cannot be converted, which could remove an escape character from the query and make the application subject to SQL injection attacks.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, allows remote attackers to display restricted products and components via a direct HTTP request to queryhelp.cgi.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, when configured to perform reverse DNS lookups, allows remote attackers to bypass IP restrictions by connecting from a system with a spoofed reverse DNS hostname.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, (1) creates new directories with world-writable permissions, and (2) creates the params file with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to modify the files and execute code.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, allows authenticated users with editing privileges to delete other users by directly calling the editusers.cgi script with the "del" option.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, could allow remote attackers to execute script as other Bugzilla users via the full name (real name) field, which is not properly quoted by editusers.cgi.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, when performing a mass change, sets the groupset of all bugs to the groupset of the first bug, which could inadvertently cause insecure groupset permissions to be assigned to some bugs.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, does not properly handle URL-encoded field names that are generated by some browsers, which could cause certain fields to appear to be unset, which has the effect of removing group permissions on bugs when buglist.cgi is provided with the encoded field names.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, directs error messages from the syncshadowdb command to the HTML output, which could leak sensitive information, including plaintext passwords, if syncshadowdb fails.
      Bugzilla 2.14 before 2.14.2, and 2.16 before 2.16rc2, may allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute certain queries via a SQL injection attack on the sort order parameter to buglist.cgi.
      Information leak in Compaq WL310, and the Orinoco Residential Gateway access point it is based on, uses a system identification string as a default SNMP read/write community string, which allows remote attackers to obtain and modify sensitive configuration information by querying for the identification string.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the TFTP server capability in Cisco IOS 11.1, 11.2, and 11.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reset) or modify configuration via a long filename.
      Buffer overflow in VMware Authorization Service for VMware GSX Server 2.0.0 build-2050 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via a long GLOBAL argument.
      The Javascript "Same Origin Policy" (SOP), as implemented in (1) Netscape, (2) Mozilla, and (3) Internet Explorer, allows a remote web server to access HTTP and SOAP/XML content from restricted sites by mapping the malicious server's parent DNS domain name to the restricted site, loading a page from the restricted site into one frame, and passing the information to the attacker-controlled frame, which is allowed because the document.domain of the two frames matches on the parent domain.
      Buffer overflow in su in Tru64 Unix 5.x allows local users to gain root privileges via a long username and argument.
      Format string vulnerability in super for Linux allows local users to gain root privileges via a long command line argument.
      wwwoffled in World Wide Web Offline Explorer (WWWOFFLE) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a negative Content-Length value.
      Format string vulnerability in artsd, when called by artswrapper, allows local users to gain privileges via format strings in the -a argument, which results in an error message that is not properly handled in a call to the arts_fatal function.
      FreeBSD kernel 4.6 and earlier closes the file descriptors 0, 1, and 2 after they have already been assigned to /dev/null when the descriptors reference procfs or linprocfs, which could allow local users to reuse the file descriptors in a setuid or setgid program to modify critical data and gain privileges.
      Buffer overflows in Ethereal 0.9.4 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via (1) the BGP dissector, or (2) the WCP dissector.
      Ethereal 0.9.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly excecute arbitrary code via the (1) SOCKS, (2) RSVP, (3) AFS, or (4) LMP dissectors, which can be caused to core dump.
      Buffer overflow in Winhlp32.exe allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an HTML document that calls the HTML Help ActiveX control (HHCtrl.ocx) with a long pathname in the Item parameter.
      BSD pppd allows local users to change the permissions of arbitrary files via a symlink attack on a file that is specified as a tty device.
      Buffer overflow in the DNS SRV code for nss_ldap before nss_ldap-198 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in WS_FTP FTP Server 3.1.1 allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary code via a long SITE CPWD command.
      Vulnerability in pppd on UnixWare 7.1.1 and Open UNIX 8.0.0 allows local users to gain root privileges via (1) ppptalk or (2) ppp, a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-0824.
      Integer overflow in the Berkeley Fast File System (FFS) in FreeBSD 4.6.1 RELEASE-p4 and earlier allows local users to access arbitrary file contents within FFS to gain privileges by creating a file that is larger than allowed by the virtual memory system.
      Network File System (NFS) in FreeBSD 4.6.1 RELEASE-p7 and earlier, NetBSD 1.5.3 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via an RPC message with a zero length payload, which causes NFS to reference a previous payload and enter an infinite loop.
      The kqueue mechanism in FreeBSD 4.3 through 4.6 STABLE allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via a pipe call in which one end is terminated and an EVFILT_WRITE filter is registered for the other end.
      Internet Explorer 5, 5.6, and 6 allows remote attackers to bypass cookie privacy settings and store information across browser sessions via the userData (storeuserData) feature.
      Buffer overflow in Eudora 5.1.1 and 5.0-J for Windows, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a multi-part message with a long boundary string.
      Buffer overflow in the ISIS dissector for Ethereal 0.9.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via malformed packets.
      Preboot eXecution Environment (PXE) server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain DHCP packets from Voice-Over-IP (VOIP) phones.
      dvips converter for Postscript files in the tetex package calls the system() function insecurely, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via certain print jobs, possibly involving fonts.
      wordtrans 1.1pre8 and earlier in the wordtrans-web package allows remote attackers to (1) execute arbitrary code or (2) conduct cross-site scripting attacks via certain parameters (possibly "dict") to the wordtrans.php script.
      Buffer overflow in (1) gv 3.5.8 and earlier, (2) gvv 1.0.2 and earlier, (3) ggv 1.99.90 and earlier, (4) gnome-gv, and (5) kghostview in kdegraphics 2.2.2 and earlier, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a malformed (a) PDF or (b) PostScript file, which is processed by an unsafe call to sscanf.
      The shared memory scoreboard in the HTTP daemon for Apache 1.3.x before 1.3.27 allows any user running as the Apache UID to send a SIGUSR1 signal to any process as root, resulting in a denial of service (process kill) or possibly other behaviors that would not normally be allowed, by modifying the parent[].pid and parent[].last_rtime segments in the scoreboard.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the default error page of Apache 2.0 before 2.0.43, and 1.3.x up to 1.3.26, when UseCanonicalName is "Off" and support for wildcard DNS is present, allows remote attackers to execute script as other web page visitors via the Host: header, a different vulnerability than CAN-2002-1157.
      Format string vulnerability in certain third party modifications to mod_dav for logging bad gateway messages (e.g. Oracle9i Application Server 9.0.2) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a destination URI that forces a "502 Bad Gateway" response, which causes the format string specifiers to be returned from dav_lookup_uri() in mod_dav.c, which is then used in a call to ap_log_rerror().
      Buffer overflows in the ApacheBench benchmark support program (ab.c) in Apache before 1.3.27, and Apache 2.x before 2.0.43, allow a malicious web server to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long response.
      Off-by-one overflow in the CVS PreservePermissions of rcs.c for CVSD before 1.11.2 allows local users to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in Sun ONE / iPlanet Web Server 4.1 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an HTTP request using chunked transfer encoding.
      The decoder for Macromedia Shockwave Flash allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a malformed SWF header that contains more data than the specified length.
      tinyproxy HTTP proxy 1.5.0, 1.4.3, and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via memory that is freed twice (double-free).
      Cisco VPN 5000 series concentrator hardware 6.0.21.0002 and earlier, and 5.2.23.0003 and earlier, when using RADIUS with a challenge type of Password Authentication Protocol (PAP) or Challenge, sends the user password in cleartext in a validation retry request, which could allow remote attackers to steal passwords via sniffing.
      Linux-iSCSI iSCSI implementation installs the iscsi.conf file with world-readable permissions on some operating systems, including Red Hat Linux Limbo Beta #1, which could allow local users to gain privileges by reading the cleartext CHAP password.
      Buffer overflow in PGP Corporate Desktop 7.1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an encrypted document that has a long filename when it is decrypted.
      Format string vulnerability in ISDN Point to Point Protocol (PPP) daemon (ipppd) in the ISDN4Linux (i4l) package allows local users to gain root privileges via format strings in the device name command line argument, which is not properly handled in a call to syslog.
      Buffer overflows in Cisco Virtual Private Network (VPN) Client 3.5.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via (1) an Internet Key Exchange (IKE) with a large Security Parameter Index (SPI) payload, or (2) an IKE packet with a large number of valid payloads.
      Cisco Virtual Private Network (VPN) Client 3.5.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a packet with a zero-length payload.
      Buffer overflows in ISDN Point to Point Protocol (PPP) daemon (ipppd) in the i4l package on SuSE 7.3, 8.0, and possibly other operating systems, may allow local users to gain privileges.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Mailman before 2.0.12 allows remote attackers to execute script as other users via a subscriber's list subscription options in the (1) adminpw or (2) info parameters to the ml-name feature.
      SQL*NET listener for Oracle Net Oracle9i 9.0.x and 9.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain debug requests that are not properly handled by the debugging feature.
      Format string vulnerabilities in Oracle Listener Control utility (lsnrctl) for Oracle 9.2 and 9.0, 8.1, and 7.3.4, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on the Oracle DBA system by placing format strings into certain entries in the listener.ora configuration file.
      catsnmp in Oracle 9i and 8i is installed with a dbsnmp user with a default dbsnmp password, which allows attackers to perform restricted database operations and possibly gain other privileges.
      Buffer overflow in the OpenDataSource function of the Jet engine on Microsoft SQL Server 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      The LoadText method in the spreadsheet component in Microsoft Office Web Components (OWC) 2000 and 2002 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files through Internet Explorer via a URL that redirects to the target file.
      Microsoft Office Web Components (OWC) 2000 and 2002 allows remote attackers to bypass the "Allow paste operations via script" setting, even when it is disabled, via the (1) Copy method of the Cell object or (2) the Paste method of the Range object.
      The (1) CertGetCertificateChain, (2) CertVerifyCertificateChainPolicy, and (3) WinVerifyTrust APIs within the CryptoAPI for Microsoft products including Microsoft Windows 98 through XP, Office for Mac, Internet Explorer for Mac, and Outlook Express for Mac, do not properly verify the Basic Constraints of intermediate CA-signed X.509 certificates, which allows remote attackers to spoof the certificates of trusted sites via a man-in-the-middle attack for SSL sessions, as originally reported for Internet Explorer and IIS.
      Remote Data Protocol (RDP) version 5.0 in Microsoft Windows 2000 and RDP 5.1 in Windows XP does not encrypt the checksums of plaintext session data, which could allow a remote attacker to determine the contents of encrypted sessions via sniffing, aka "Weak Encryption in RDP Protocol."
      The Remote Data Protocol (RDP) version 5.1 in Microsoft Windows XP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) when Remote Desktop is enabled via a PDU Confirm Active data packet that does not set the Pattern BLT command, aka "Denial of Service in Remote Desktop."
      A certain class that supports XML (Extensible Markup Language) in Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) 5.0.3805 and earlier, probably com.ms.osp.ospmrshl, exposes certain unsafe methods, which allows remote attackers to execute unsafe code via a Java applet, aka "Inappropriate Methods Exposed in XML Support Classes."
      Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) classes in Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) up to and including 5.0.3805 allow remote attackers to load and execute DLLs (dynamic link libraries) via a Java applet that calls the constructor for com.ms.jdbc.odbc.JdbcOdbc with the desired DLL terminated by a null string, aka "DLL Execution via JDBC Classes."
      Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) up to and including build 5.0.3805 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) in Internet Explorer via invalid handle data in a Java applet, aka "Handle Validation Flaw."
      Unknown vulnerability in the hosting process (dllhost.exe) for Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0 through 5.1 allows remote attackers to gain privileges by executing an out of process application that acquires LocalSystem privileges, aka "Out of Process Privilege Elevation."
      The original patch for the Cisco Content Service Switch 11000 Series authentication bypass vulnerability (CVE-2001-0622) was incomplete, which still allows remote attackers to gain additional privileges by directly requesting the web management URL instead of navigating through the interface, possibly via a variant of the original attack, as identified by Cisco bug ID CSCdw08549.
      xinetd 2.3.4 leaks file descriptors for the signal pipe to services that are launched by xinetd, which could allow those services to cause a denial of service via the pipe.
      l2tpd 0.67 does not initialize the random number generator, which allows remote attackers to hijack sessions.
      Vulnerability in l2tpd 0.67 allows remote attackers to overwrite the vendor field via a long value in an attribute/value pair, possibly via a buffer overflow.
      Vulnerability in Interchange 4.8.6, 4.8.3, and other versions, when running in INET mode, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Vulnerability in FAM 2.6.8, 2.6.6, and other versions allows unprivileged users to obtain the names of files whose access is restricted to the root group.
      Web server for Shambala 4.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed HTTP request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the FTP server for Shambala 4.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the (1) LIST (ls) or (2) GET commands.
      SQL injection vulnerability in the login form for LogiSense software including (1) Hawk-i Billing, (2) Hawk-i ASP and (3) DNS Manager allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via SQL code in the password field.
      showtemp.cfm for Gafware CFXImage 1.6.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via (1) a .. or (2) a C: style pathname in the FILE parameter.
      Cisco IP Phone (VoIP) models 7910, 7940, and 7960 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed packets as demonstrated by (1) "jolt", (2) "jolt2", (3) "raped", (4) "hping2", (5) "bloop", (6) "bubonic", (7) "mutant", (8) "trash", and (9) "trash2."
      Cisco IP Phone (VoIP) models 7910, 7940, and 7960 use a default administrative password, which allows attackers with physical access to the phone to modify the configuration settings.
      The web server for Cisco IP Phone (VoIP) models 7910, 7940, and 7960 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reset) and possibly read sensitive memory via a large integer value in (1) the stream ID of the StreamingStatistics script, or (2) the port ID of the PortInformation script.
      Vulnerability in Compaq ProLiant BL e-Class Integrated Administrator 1.0 and 1.10, allows authenticated users with Telnet, SSH, or console access to conduct unauthorized activities.
      Multiple format string vulnerabilities in in.rarpd (ARP server) on Solaris, Caldera UnixWare and Open UNIX, and possibly other operating systems, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format strings that are not properly handled in the functions (1) syserr and (2) error.
      Multiple buffer overflows in in.rarpd (ARP server) on Solaris, and possibly other operating systems including Caldera UnixWare and Open UNIX, allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, possibly via the functions (1) syserr and (2) error.
      Cisco DSL CPE devices running CBOS 2.4.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang or memory consumption) via (1) a large packet to the DHCP port, (2) a large packet to the Telnet port, or (3) a flood of large packets to the CPE, which causes the TCP/IP stack to consume large amounts of memory.
      scoadmin for Caldera/SCO OpenServer 5.0.5 and 5.0.6 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files, as demonstrated using log files.
      3Com OfficeConnect Remote 812 ADSL Router, firmware 1.1.9 and 1.1.7, allows remote attackers to bypass port access restrictions by connecting to an approved port and quickly connecting to the desired port, which is allowed by the router.
      Buffer overflow in Qpopper (popper) 4.0.4 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long bulldir argument in the user's .qpopper-options configuration file.
      The web interface (WebUI) of NetScreen ScreenOS before 2.6.1r8, and certain 2.8.x and 3.0.x versions before 3.0.3r1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long user name.
      The default configuration of NewAtlanta ServletExec ISAPI 4.1 allows remote attackers to determine the path of the web root via a direct request to com.newatlanta.servletexec.JSP10Servlet without a filename, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in NewAtlanta ServletExec ISAPI 4.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL-encoded request to com.newatlanta.servletexec.JSP10Servlet containing "..%5c" (modified dot-dot) sequences.
      NewAtlanta ServletExec ISAPI 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via (1) a request for a long .jsp file, or (2) a long URL sent directly to com.newatlanta.servletexec.JSP10Servlet.
      Buffer overflow in MatuFtpServer 1.1.3.0 (1.1.3) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long PASS (password) command.
      The throttle capability in Swatch may fail to report certain events if (1) the same type of event occurs after the throttle period, or (2) when multiple events matching the same "watchfor" expression do not occur after the throttle period, which could allow attackers to avoid detection.
      LocalWEB2000 2.1.0 web server allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for restricted files via a URL that contains the "/./" directory.
      Opera 6.0.1 and 6.0.2 allows a remote web site to upload arbitrary files from the client system, without prompting the client, via an input type=file tag whose value contains a newline.
      Falcon web server 2.0.0.1021 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for protected files via a URL whose directory portion ends in a . (dot).
      Buffer overflow in pks PGP public key web server before 0.9.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long search argument to the lookup capability.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Advanced Maryland Automatic Network Disk Archiver (AMANDA) 2.3.0.4 allow (1) remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long commands to the amindexd daemon, or certain local users to execute arbitrary code via long command line arguments to the programs (2) amcheck, (3) amgetidx, (4) amtrmidx, (5) createindex-dump, or (6) createindex-gnutar.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in phpBB 2.0.0 (phpBB2) allows remote attackers to execute Javascript as other phpBB users by including a http:// and a double-quote (") in the [IMG] tag, which bypasses phpBB's security check, terminates the src parameter of the resulting HTML IMG tag, and injects the script.
      register.php for WoltLab Burning Board (wbboard) 1.1.1 uses a small number of random values for the "code" parameter that is provided to action.php to approve a new registration, along with predictable new user ID's, which allows remote attackers to hijack new user accounts via a brute force attack on the new user ID and the code value.
      SayText function in Kismet 2.2.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters (backtick or pipe) in the essid argument.
      Buffer overflow in sqlexec for Informix SE-7.25 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long INFORMIXDIR environment variable.
      Buffer overflow in Sendmail before 8.12.5, when configured to use a custom DNS map to query TXT records, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a malicious DNS server.
      Buffer overflow in SHOUTcast 1.8.9 and other versions before 1.8.12 allows a remote authenticated DJ to execute arbitrary code on the server via a long value in a header whose name begins with "icy-".
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the web server for Cisco IDS Device Manager before 3.1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTPS request.
      Multiple buffer overflows in mnews 1.22 and earlier allow (1) a remote NNTP server to execute arbitrary code via long responses, or local users can gain privileges via long command line arguments (2) -f, (3) -n, (4) -D, (5) -M, or (6) -P, or via long environment variables (7) JNAMES or (8) MAILSERVER.
      Buffer overflows in netstd 3.07-17 package allows remote DNS servers to execute arbitrary code via a long FQDN reply, as observed in the utilities (1) linux-ftpd, (2) pcnfsd, (3) tftp, (4) traceroute, or (5) from/to.
      Caldera Volution Manager 1.1 stores the Directory Administrator password in cleartext in the slapd.conf file, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      in.uucpd UUCP server in Debian GNU/Linux 2.2, and possibly other operating systems, does not properly terminate long strings, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      Format string vulnerability in log_doit function of Slurp NNTP client 1.1.0 allows a malicious news server to execute arbitrary code on the client via format strings in a server response.
      Double Precision Courier e-mail MTA allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a message with an extremely large or negative value for the year, which causes a tight loop.
      autorun in Xandros based Linux distributions allows local users to read the first line of arbitrary files via the -c parameter, which causes autorun to print the first line of the file.
      Format string vulnerability in the allowuser code for the Stellar-X msntauth authentication module, as distributed in Squid 2.4.STABLE6 and earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via format strings in the user name, which are not properly handled in a syslog call.
      CGIScript.net csPassword.cgi stores .htpasswd files under the web document root, which could allow remote authenticated users to download the file and crack the passwords of other users.
      CGIScript.net csPassword.cgi leaks sensitive information such as the pathname of the server in debug messages that are presented when the script fails, which allows remote attackers to obtain the information via a "remove" option in the command parameter, which generates an error.
      CGIScript.net csPassword.cgi allows remote authenticated users to modify the .htaccess file and gain privileges via newlines in the title field of the edit page.
      CGIScript.net csPassword.cgi stores usernames and unencrypted passwords in the password.cgi.tmp temporary file while modifying data, which could allow local users (and possibly remote attackers) to gain privileges by stealing the file before it has been processed.
      CGIScript.net csNews.cgi allows remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information, such as the full server pathname and other configuration settings, via the viewnews command with an invalid database, which leaks the information in error messages.
      CGIScript.net csNews.cgi allows remote attackers to obtain database files via a direct URL-encoded request to (1) default%2edb or (2) default%2edb.style, or remote authenticated users to perform administrative actions via (3) a database parameter set to default%2edb.
      CGIScript.net csNews.cgi allows remote authenticated users to read arbitrary files, and possibly gain privileges, via the (1) pheader or (2) pfooter parameters in the "Advanced Settings" capability.
      CGIScript.net csNews.cgi allows remote authenticated users to execute arbitrary Perl code via terminating quotes and metacharacters in text fields of the "Advanced Settings" capability.
      Format string vulnerability in mmsyslog function allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) the USER command to mmpop3d for mmmail 0.0.13 and earlier, (2) the HELO command to mmsmtpd for mmmail 0.0.13 and earlier, or (3) the USER command to mmftpd 0.0.7 and earlier.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Wolfram Research webMathematica 1.0.0 and 1.0.0.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the MSPStoreID parameter.
      Buffer overflow in the Pirch 98 IRC client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long hyperlink in a channel or private message.
      Buffer overflows in the DHCP server for NetWare 6.0 SP1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) via long DHCP requests.
      Format string vulnerability in the FTP server for Novell Netware 6.0 SP1 (NWFTPD) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (ABEND) via format strings in the USER command.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in MyHelpDesk 20020509, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to execute script as other users via a (1) Title or (2) Description when a new ticket is created by a support assistant, via the "id" parameter to the index.php script with the (3) tickettime, (4) ticketfiles, or (5) updateticketlog operations, or (6) via the update section when a ticket is edited.
      SQL injection vulnerability in index.php for MyHelpDesk 20020509, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities via SQL code in the "id" parameter for the operations (1) detailticket, (2) editticket, or (3) updateticketlog.
      Datalex PLC BookIt! Consumer before 2.2 stores usernames and passwords in plaintext in a cookie, which could allow remote attackers to gain privileges via Cross-site scripting or sniffing attacks.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Jon Hedley AlienForm2 (typically installed as af.cgi or alienform.cgi) allows remote attackers to read or modify arbitrary files via an illegal character in the middle of a .. (dot dot) sequence in the parameters (1) _browser_out or (2) _out_file.
      Apache Tomcat 4.0.3, and possibly other versions before 4.1.3 beta, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large number of requests to the server with null characters, which causes the working threads to hang.
      The Java Server Pages (JSP) engine in Tomcat allows web page owners to cause a denial of service (engine crash) on the web server via a JSP page that calls WPrinterJob().pageSetup(null,null).
      The Java Server Pages (JSP) engine in JRun allows web page owners to cause a denial of service (engine crash) on the web server via a JSP page that calls WPrinterJob().pageSetup(null,null).
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in CiscoSecure ACS 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script or HTML as other web users via the action argument in a link to setup.exe.
      The Install Wizard for nCipher MSCAPI CSP 5.50 does not use Operator Card Set protected keys when the user requests them but does not generate the Operator Card Set, which results in a lower protection level than specified by the user (module protection only).
      domesticinstall.exe for nCipher MSCAPI CSP 5.50 and 5.54 does not use Operator Card Set protected keys when the user requests them but does not generate the Operator Card Set, which results in a lower protection level than specified by the user (module protection only).
      The ConsoleCallBack class for nCipher running under JRE 1.4.0 and 1.4.0_01, as used by the TrustedCodeTool and possibly other applications, may leak a passphrase when the user aborts an application that is prompting for the passphrase, which could allow attackers to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflows in Lugiment Log Explorer before 3.02 allow attackers with database permissions to execute arbitrary code via long arguments to the extended stored procedures (1) xp_logattach_StartProf, (2) xp_logattach_setport, or (3) xp_logattach.
      MetaCart2.sql stores the user database under the web document root without access controls, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as passwords and credit card numbers via a direct request for metacart.mdb.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in DeepMetrix LiveStats 5.03 through 6.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as the LiveStats user via the (1) user-agent or (2) referrer, which are not filtered by the stats program.
      Buffer overflow in SeaNox Devwex allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SeaNox Devwex before 1.2002.0601 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ..\ (dot dot) sequences in an HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in rwcgi60 CGI program for Oracle Reports Server 6.0.8.18.0 and earlier, as used in Oracle9iAS and other products, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long database name parameter.
      Scripts For Educators MakeBook 2.2 CGI program allows remote attackers to execute script as other visitors, or execute server-side includes (SSI) as the web server, via the (1) Name or (2) Email parameters, which are not properly filtered.
      Telindus 1100 series ADSL router allows remote attackers to gain privileges to the device via a certain packet to UDP port 9833, which generates a reply that includes the router's password and other sensitive information in cleartext.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in TransWARE Active! mail 1.422 and 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain e-mail header, which is not properly filtered.
      SQL injection vulnerability in Ruslan <Body>Builder allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via a "'--" sequence in the username and password.
      Cisco ONS15454 optical transport platform running ONS 3.1.0 to 3.2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reset) by sending IP packets with non-zero Type of Service (TOS) bits to the Timing Control Card (TCC) LAN interface.
      globals.php in PHP Address before 0.2f, with the PHP allow_url_fopen and register_globals variables enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL to the code in the LangCookie parameter.
      The encryption algorithms for enable and passwd commands on Cisco PIX Firewall can be executed quickly due to a limited number of rounds, which make it easier for an attacker to decrypt the passwords using brute force techniques.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in YaBB.cgi for Yet Another Bulletin Board (YaBB) 1 Gold SP1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other web site visitors via script in the num parameter, which is not filtered in the resulting error message.
      BlackICE Agent 3.1.eal does not always reactivate after a system standby, which could allow remote attackers and local users to bypass intended firewall restrictions.
      The default configuration of BlackICE Agent 3.1.eal and 3.1.ebh has a high tcp.maxconnections setting, which could allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large number of connections to the BlackICE system that consumes more resources than intended by the user.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in browse.php for PHP(Reactor) 1.2.7 allows remote attackers to execute script as other users via the go parameter in the comments section.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Splatt Forum 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via an [img] tag with a closing quote followed by the script.
      Multiple cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in Voxel Dot Net CBMS 0.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other CBMS users.
      Vulnerabilities in Voxel Dot Net CBMS 0.7 and earlier allow remote attackers to conduct unauthorized operations as other users, e.g. by deleting clients via dltclnt.php, possibly in a SQL injection attack.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in GeekLog 1.3.5 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary script via (1) the url variable in the Link field of a calendar event, (2) the topic parameter in index.php, or (3) the title parameter in comment.php.
      SQL injection vulnerability in comment.php for GeekLog 1.3.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive user information via the pid parameter.
      Half-Life Server 1.1.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via multiple responses to the initial challenge with different cd_key values, which reaches the player limit and prevents other players from connecting until the original responses have timed out.
      Buffer overflow in TNS Listener for Oracle 9i Database Server on Windows systems, and Oracle 8 on VM, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long SERVICE_NAME parameter, which is not properly handled when writing an error message to a log file.
      Buffer overflow in 4D web server 6.7.3 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in eDonkey 2000 35.16.60 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long "ed2k:" URL.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX SimpleServer:WWW 1.16 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and execute code via a long HTTP request method name.
      Buffer overflow in MySQL daemon (mysqld) before 3.23.50, and 4.0 beta before 4.02, on the Win32 platform, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long "datadir" parameter in the my.ini initialization file, whose permissions on Windows allow Full Control to the Everyone group.
      The SSL capability for Konqueror in KDE 3.0.2 and earlier does not verify the Basic Constraints for an intermediate CA-signed certificate, which allows remote attackers to spoof the certificates of trusted sites via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      Vulnerability in VNC, TightVNC, and TridiaVNC allows local users to execute arbitrary code as LocalSystem by using the Win32 Messaging System to bypass the VNC GUI and access the "Add new clients" dialogue box.
      Buffer overflows in PostgreSQL 7.2 allow attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via long arguments to the functions (1) lpad or (2) rpad.
      Integer signedness error in several system calls for FreeBSD 4.6.1 RELEASE-p10 and earlier may allow attackers to access sensitive kernel memory via large negative values to the (1) accept, (2) getsockname, and (3) getpeername system calls, and the (4) vesa FBIO_GETPALETTE ioctl.
      Help and Support Center for Windows XP allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary files via a link to the hcp: protocol that accesses uplddrvinfo.htm.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft DirectX Files Viewer ActiveX control (xweb.ocx) 2.0.6.15 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary via a long File parameter.
      Internet Explorer 4.0 and later allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a web page that accesses a legacy XML Datasource applet (com.ms.xml.dso.XMLDSO.class) and modifies the base URL to point to the local system, which is trusted by the applet.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft File Transfer Manager (FTM) ActiveX control before 4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long TS value.
      Microsoft File Transfer Manager (FTM) ActiveX control before 4.0 allows remote attackers to upload or download arbitrary files to arbitrary locations via a man-in-the-middle attack with modified TGT and TGN parameters in a call to the "Persist" function.
      The Java logging feature for the Java Virtual Machine in Internet Explorer writes output from functions such as System.out.println to a known pathname, which can be used to execute arbitrary code.
      The Web Folder component for Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 writes an error message to a known location in the temporary folder, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by injecting it into the error message, then referring to the error message file via a mhtml: URL.
      Buffer overflow in ndcfg command for UnixWare 7.1.1 and Open UNIX 8.0.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long command line.
      Microsoft SQL Server 2000 SP2, when configured as a distributor, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via the @scriptfile parameter to the sp_MScopyscript stored procedure.
      IRC client irssi in irssi-text before 0.8.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an IRC channel that has a long topic followed by a certain string, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      The IRC script included in Light 2.7.x before 2.7.30p5, and 2.8.x before 2.8pre10, running EPIC allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code if the user joins a channel whose topic includes EPIC4 code.
      Argument injection vulnerability in the mail function for PHP 4.x to 4.2.2 may allow attackers to bypass safe mode restrictions and modify command line arguments to the MTA (e.g. sendmail) in the 5th argument to mail(), altering MTA behavior and possibly executing commands.
      The mail function in PHP 4.x to 4.2.2 does not filter ASCII control characters from its arguments, which could allow remote attackers to modify mail message content, including mail headers, and possibly use PHP as a "spam proxy."
      X server (Xsco) in OpenUNIX 8.0.0 and UnixWare 7.1.1 does not drop privileges before calling programs such as xkbcomp using popen, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in X server (Xsco) in OpenUNIX 8.0.0 and UnixWare 7.1.1, possibly related to XBM/xkbcomp capabilities.
      The URL handler in the manual browser option for Gaim before 0.59.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script via shell metacharacters in a link.
      The web proxy component in Symantec Enterprise Firewall (SEF) 6.5.2 through 7.0, Raptor Firewall 6.5 and 6.5.3, VelociRaptor, and Symantec Gateway Security allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (connection resource exhaustion) via multiple connection requests to domains whose DNS server is unresponsive or does not exist, which generates a long timeout.
      Buffer overflows in the cifslogin command for HP CIFS/9000 Client A.01.06 and earlier, based on the Sharity package, allows local users to gain root privileges via long (1) -U, (2) -D, (3) -P, (4) -S, (5) -N, or (6) -u parameters.
      Unknown vulnerability in IPV6 functionality for DCE daemons (1) dced or (2) rpcd on HP-UX 11.11 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an attack that modifies internal data.
      Unknown vulnerability in HP Instant Support Enterprise Edition (ISEE) product U2512A for HP-UX 11.00 and 11.11 may allow authenticated users to access restricted files.
      SunPCi II VNC uses a weak authentication scheme, which allows remote attackers to obtain the VNC password by sniffing the random byte challenge, which is used as the key for encrypted communications.
      login.php for PHPAuction allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a direct call to login.php with the action parameter set to "insert," which adds the provided username to the adminUsers table.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Novell NetMail (NIMS) 3.0.3 before 3.0.3C allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) WebAdmin or (2) ModWeb.
      Buffer overflows in IMAP Agent (imapd) for Novell NetMail (NIMS) 3.0.3 before 3.0.3A allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in cafenews.php for CARE 2002 before beta 1.0.02 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences and null characters in the lang parameter, which is processed by a call to the include function.
      Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in CARE 2002 before beta 1.0.02 allow remote attackers to perform unauthorized database operations.
      Buffer overflow in AnalogX SimpleServer:Shout 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and execute arbitrary code via a long request to TCP port 8001.
      Buffer overflows in AnalogX Proxy before 4.12 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) a long HTTP request to TCP port 6588 or (2) a SOCKS 4A request to TCP port 1080 with a long DNS hostname.
      Buffer overflow in Novell iManager (eMFrame 1.2.1) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long user name.
      Buffer overflow in MyWebServer 1.02 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in webmail feature of ArGoSoft Mail Server Plus or Pro 1.8.1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in a URL.
      ArGoSoft Mail Server 1.8.1.7 and earlier allows a webmail user to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by forwarding the email to the user while autoresponse is enabled, which creates an infinite loop.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in BBC Education Text to Speech Internet Enhancer (Betsie) 1.5.11 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script via parserl.pl.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in Blackboard 5 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script via (1) the course_id parameter in a link to login.pl, (2) the CTID parameter in ProcessInfo.cgi, or (3) the Message parameter in index.cgi.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in PowerBASIC urlcount.cgi, as included in Lil' HTTP web server, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script in other web browsers via a request to urlcount.cgi that contains the script, which is not filtered when the REPORT capability prints the original request.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in PowerBASIC pbcgi.cgi, as included in Lil' HTTP web server, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script in other web browsers via the (1) "Name" or (2) "E-mail" parameters.
      Lotus Domino R4 allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for files in the web root via an HTTP request appended with a "?" character, which is treated as a wildcard character and bypasses the web handlers.
      Buffer overflow in web server for Tivoli Management Framework (TMF) Endpoint 3.6.x through 3.7.1, before Fixpack 2, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in web server for Tivoli Management Framework (TMF) ManagedNode 3.6.x through 3.7.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in traffic_manager for Inktomi Traffic Server 4.0.18 through 5.2.2, Traffic Edge 1.1.2 and 1.5.0, and Media-IXT 3.0.4 allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -path argument.
      Buffer overflow in RealJukebox 2 1.0.2.340 and 1.0.2.379, and RealOne Player Gold 6.0.10.505, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an RFS skin file whose skin.ini contains a long value in a CONTROLnImage argument, such as CONTROL1Image.
      RealJukebox 2 1.0.2.340 and 1.0.2.379, and RealOne Player Gold 6.0.10.505, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script in the Local computer zone by inserting the script into the skin.ini file of an RJS archive, then referencing skin.ini from a web page after it has been extracted, which is parsed as HTML by Internet Explorer or other Microsoft-based web readers.
      Adobe eBook Reader allows a user to bypass restrictions for copy, print, lend, and give operations by backing up key data files, performing the operations, and restoring the original data files.
      Adobe eBook Reader 2.1 and 2.2 allows a user to copy eBooks to other systems by using the backup feature, capturing the encryption Challenge, and using the appropriate hash function to generate the activation code.
      The library feature for Adobe Content Server 3.0 does not verify if a customer has already checked out an eBook, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) by checking out the same book multiple times.
      The library feature for Adobe Content Server 3.0 allows a remote attacker to check out an eBook for an arbitrary length of time via a modified loanMin parameter to download.asp.
      The library feature for Adobe Content Server 3.0 allows a remote attacker to check out an eBook even when the maximum number of loans is exceeded by accessing the "Add to bookbag" feature when the server reports that no more copies are available.
      BadBlue server allows remote attackers to read restricted files, such as EXT.INI, via an HTTP request that contains a hex-encoded null byte.
      BadBlue server stores passwords in plaintext in the ext.ini file, which could allow local and possibly remote attackers to gain privileges.
      BadBlue server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP GET request without a URI.
      Cisco IOS 12.0 through 12.2, when supporting SSH, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a large packet that was designed to exploit the SSH CRC32 attack detection overflow (CVE-2001-0144).
      JRun 3.0 through 4.0 allows remote attackers to read JSP source code via an encoded null byte in an HTTP GET request, which causes the server to send the .JSP file unparsed.
      Macromedia Sitespring 1.2.0 (277.1) using Sybase runtime engine 7.0.2.1480 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long malformed request to TCP port 2500, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in the default HTTP 500 error script (500error.jsp) for Macromedia Sitespring 1.2.0 (277.1) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script via a link to 500error.jsp with the script in 1the et parameter.
      Multiple buffer overflows in the CGI programs for Oddsock Song Requester WinAmp plugin 2.1 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via long arguments.
      Res Manager in Worldspan for Windows Gateway 4.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed request to TCP port 17990.
      Race condition in Performance Pack in BEA WebLogic Server and Express 5.1.x, 6.0.x, 6.1.x and 7.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a flood of data and connections.
      KeyFocus (KF) web server 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to list directories and read restricted files via an HTTP request containing a %00 (null) character.
      Buffer overflow in KeyFocus (KF) web server 1.0.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a malformed HTTP header.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in none.php for SunPS iRunbook 2.5.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a "..:" sequence (dot-dot variant) in the argument.
      none.php for SunPS iRunbook 2.5.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an absolute pathname in the argument.
      Omnicron OmniHTTPd 2.09 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP request with a long, malformed HTTP 1version number.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in search.pl for Fluid Dynamics Search Engine (FDSE) before 2.0.0.0055 allows remote attackers to execute web script via the (1) Rank or (2) Match parameters.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in Double Choco Latte (DCL) before 20020706 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML, including script, into web pages via the (1) Ticket# Find, (2) Priorities, (3) Severities, (4) Projects, (5) WO# Find, (6) Departments and (7) Users features.
      Double Choco Latte (DCL) before 20020706 does not properly verify if a file was uploaded, which allows remote attackers to conduct certain operations on arbitrary files via the (1) Projects: Upload File Attachment or (2) Work Orders: Import features.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Double Choco Latte (DCL) before 20020706 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences when downloading files from the Projects: Attachments feature.
      Unknown vulnerability in the WebSecure (DFSWeb) configuration utilities in AIX 4.x, possibly related to relative pathnames.
      Unknown vulnerability in DCE (1) SMIT panels and (2) configuration commands, possibly related to relative pathnames.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in search engine for iPlanet web server 6.0 SP2 and 4.1 SP9, and Netscape Enterprise Server 3.6, when running on Windows platforms, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ..\ (dot-dot backslash) sequences in the NS-query-pat parameter.
      Ultrafunk Popcorn 1.20 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed Subject ("\t\t").
      Buffer overflow in Ultrafunk Popcorn 1.20 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long Subject field.
      Ultrafunk Popcorn 1.20 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed Date field that is converted into a year greater than 2037.
      Dynamic VPN Configuration Protocol service (DVCP) in Watchguard Firebox firmware 5.x.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed packet containing tab characters to TCP port 4110.
      The FTP service in Watchguard Soho Firewall 5.0.35a allows remote attackers to gain privileges with a correct password but an incorrect user name.
      HP JetDirect printers allow remote attackers to obtain the administrative password for the (1) web and (2) telnet services via an SNMP request to the variable (.iso.3.6.1.4.1.11.2.3.9.4.2.1.3.9.1.1.0.
      Format string vulnerability in HylaFAX faxgetty before 4.1.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via the TSI data element.
      Buffer overflow in HylaFAX faxgetty before 4.1.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service, and possibly execute arbitrary code, via a long line of image data.
      Format string vulnerability in TrACESroute 6.0 GOLD (aka NANOG traceroute) allows local users to execute arbitrary code via the -T (terminator) command line argument.
      Jigsaw 2.2.1 on Windows systems allows remote attackers to use MS-DOS device names in HTTP requests to (1) cause a denial of service using the "con" device, or (2) obtain the physical path of the server using two requests to the "aux" device.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in W3C Jigsaw Proxy Server before 2.2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script via a URL that contains a reference to a nonexistent host followed by the script, which is included in the resulting error message.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Pablo FTP server 1.0 build 9 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to list arbitrary directories via "..\" (dot-dot backslash) sequences in a LIST command.
      Buffer overflow in administrative web server for Brother NC-3100h printer allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long password.
      Microsoft Outlook 2000 and 2002, when configured to use Microsoft Word as the email editor, does not block scripts that are used while editing email messages in HTML or Rich Text Format (RTF), which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary scripts via an email that the user forwards or replies to.
      Buffer overflow in SmartMax MailMax POP3 daemon (popmax) 4.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long USER command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in splashAdmin.php for Cobalt Qube 3.0 allows local users and remote attackers, to gain privileges as the Qube Admin via .. (dot dot) sequences in the sessionId cookie that point to an alternate session file.
      Buffer overflow in Van Dyke SecureCRT SSH client before 3.4.6, and 4.x before 4.0 beta 3, allows an SSH server to execute arbitrary code via a long SSH1 protocol version string.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Blue Coat Systems (formerly CacheFlow) CacheOS on Client Accelerator 4.1.06, Security Gateway 2.1.02, and Server Accelerator 4.1.06 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a URL to a nonexistent hostname that includes the HTML, which is inserted into the resulting error page.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Thomas Hauck Jana Server 2.x through 2.2.1, and 1.4.6 and earlier, allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) an HTTP GET request with a long major version number, (2) an HTTP GET request to the HTTP proxy on port 3128 with a long major version number, (3) a long OK reply from a POP3 server, and (4) a long SMTP server response.
      Signedness error in Thomas Hauck Jana Server 2.x through 2.2.1, and 1.4.6 and earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via long (1) Username, (2) Password, or (3) Hostname entries.
      Thomas Hauck Jana Server 2.x through 2.2.1, and 1.4.6 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a large number of FTP PASV requests, which consumes all available FTP ports.
      Thomas Hauck Jana Server 2.x through 2.2.1, and 1.4.6 and earlier, generates different responses for valid and invalid usernames, which allows remote attackers to identify valid users on the server.
      Thomas Hauck Jana Server 2.x through 2.2.1, and 1.4.6 and earlier, does not restrict the number of unsuccessful login attempts, which makes it easier for remote attackers to gain privileges via brute force username and password guessing.
      Thomas Hauck Jana Server 1.4.6 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a large message index value in a (1) RETR or (2) DELE command to the POP3 server, which exceeds the array limits and allows a buffer overflow attack.
      Administrative web interface for IC9 Pocket Print Server Firmware 7.1.30 and 7.1.36f allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot and reset) via a long password, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      The web server for D-Link DP-300 print server allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a large HTTP POST request.
      The remote administration capability for the D-Link DI-804 router 4.68 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and release DHCP addresses or obtain sensitive information via a direct web request to the pages (1) release.htm, (2) Device Status, or (3) Device Information.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in PHPWiki Postnuke wiki module allows remote attackers to execute script as other PHPWiki users via the pagename parameter.
      ZyXEL Prestige 642R allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in the Telnet, FTP, and DHCP services (crash) via a TCP packet with both the SYN and ACK flags set.
      ZyXEL Prestige 642R 2.50(FA.1) and Prestige 310 V3.25(M.01), allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an oversized, fragmented "jolt" style ICMP packet.
      Buffer overflow in the control service for MERCUR Mailserver 4.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long password.
      Buffer overflow in Pegasus mail client 4.01 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via long (1) To or (2) From headers.
      Buffer overflow in the Web Messaging daemon for Ipswitch IMail before 7.12 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request for HTTP/1.0.
      IPSwitch IMail Web Calendaring service (iwebcal) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP POST request without a Content-Length field.
      Abyss Web Server 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to list directory contents via an HTTP GET request that ends in a large number of / (slash) characters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Abyss Web Server 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ..\ (dot-dot backslash) sequences in an HTTP GET request.
      The Administration console for Abyss Web Server 1.0.3 before Patch 2 allows remote attackers to gain privileges and modify server configuration via direct requests to CHL files such as (1) srvstatus.chl, (2) consport.chl, (3) general.chl, (4) srvparam.chl, and (5) advanced.chl.
      The Administration console for Abyss Web Server 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to read files without providing login credentials via an HTTP request to a target file that ends in a "+" character.
      The Image Upload capability for ezContents 1.40 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause ezContents to perform operations on local files as if they were uploaded.
      Directory traversal vulnerabilities in ezContents 1.41 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause ezContents to (1) create directories using the Maintain Images:Add New:Create Subdirectory item, or (2) list directories using the Maintain Images file listing, via .. (dot dot) sequences.
      The VerifyLogin function in ezContents 1.41 and earlier does not properly halt program execution if a user fails to log in properly, which allows remote attackers to modify and view restricted information via HTTP POST requests.
      Multiple cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in ezContents 1.41 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute script and steal cookies via the diary and other capabilities.
      Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in ezContents 1.41 and earlier allow remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities.
      The scripts (1) createdir.php, (2) removedir.php and (3) uploadfile.php for ezContents 1.41 and earlier do not check credentials, which allows remote attackers to create or delete directories and upload files via a direct HTTP POST request.
      Buffer overflow in Novell GroupWise 6.0.1 Support Pack 1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long RCPT TO command.
      rwcgi60 CGI program in Oracle Reports Server, by design, provides sensitive information such as the full pathname, which could enable remote attackers to use the information in additional attacks.
      Buffer overflow in read_smtp_response of protocol.c in libesmtp before 0.8.11 allows a remote SMTP server to (1) execute arbitrary code via a certain response or (2) cause a denial of service via long server responses.
      Netscape 6.2.3 and earlier, and Mozilla 1.0.1, allow remote attackers to corrupt heap memory and execute arbitrary code via a GIF image with a zero width.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 3.6(Rel) and earlier, and 2.x.x, when configured to use internal authentication with group accounts and without any user accounts, allows remote VPN clients to log in using PPTP or IPSEC user authentication.
      HTML interface for Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.x.x and 3.x.x before 3.0.3(B) allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a long URL request.
      Information leaks in Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.x.x and 3.x.x before 3.5.4 allow remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information via the (1) SSH banner, (2) FTP banner, or (3) an incorrect HTTP request.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator before 2.5.2(F), with encryption enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reload) via a Windows-based PPTP client with the "No Encryption" option set.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, and 3.x before 3.5.1, allows restricted administrators to obtain user passwords that are stored in plaintext in HTML source code.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, and 3.x before 3.5.2, allows restricted administrators to obtain certificate passwords that are stored in plaintext in the HTML source code for Certificate Management pages.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, and 3.x before 3.5.3, adds an "HTTPS on Public Inbound (XML-Auto)(forward/in)" rule but sets the protocol to "ANY" when the XML filter configuration is enabled, which ultimately allows arbitrary traffic to pass through the concentrator.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, and 3.x before 3.5.3, allows remote attackers to obtain potentially sensitive information without authentication by directly accessing certain HTML pages.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, and 3.x before 3.5.3, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long (1) username or (2) password to the HTML login interface.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, 3.6(Rel), and 3.x before 3.5.5, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long user name.
      The LAN-to-LAN IPSEC capability for Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, and 3.x before 3.5.4, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an incoming LAN-to-LAN connection with an existing security association with another device on the remote network, which causes the concentrator to remove the previous connection.
      Cisco VPN 3000 Concentrator 2.2.x, 3.6(Rel), and 3.x before 3.5.5, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via (1) malformed or (2) large ISAKMP packets.
      Cisco Virtual Private Network (VPN) Client software 2.x.x and 3.x before 3.0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via TCP packets with source and destination ports of 137 (NETBIOS).
      Cisco Virtual Private Network (VPN) Client software 2.x.x, and 3.x before 3.5.1C, allows local users to use a utility program to obtain the group password.
      Cisco Virtual Private Network (VPN) Client software 2.x.x, and 3.x before 3.5.1C, does not properly verify that certificate DN fields match those of the certificate from the VPN Concentrator, which allows remote attackers to conduct man-in-the-middle attacks.
      Cisco Virtual Private Network (VPN) Client software 2.x.x, and 3.x before 3.5.2B, does not generate sufficiently random numbers, which may make it vulnerable to certain attacks such as spoofing.
      Cisco Virtual Private Network (VPN) Client software 2.x.x, and 3.x before 3.6(Rel), when configured with all tunnel mode, can be forced into acknowledging a TCP packet from outside the tunnel.
      securetar, as used in AMaViS shell script 0.2.1 and earlier, allows users to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a malformed TAR file, possibly via an incorrect file size parameter.
      Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in Mantis 0.17.2 and earlier, when running without magic_quotes_gpc enabled, allows remote attackers to gain privileges or perform unauthorized database operations via modified form fields, e.g. to account_update.php.
      print_all_bug_page.php in Mantis 0.17.3 and earlier does not verify the limit_reporters option, which allows remote attackers to view bug summaries for bugs that would otherwise be restricted.
      Mantis before 0.17.4 allows remote attackers to list project bugs without authentication by modifying the cookie that is used by the "View Bugs" page.
      summary_graph_functions.php in Mantis 0.17.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by modifying the g_jpgraph_path parameter to reference the location of the PHP code.
      config_inc2.php in Mantis before 0.17.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code or read arbitrary files via the parameters (1) g_bottom_include_page, (2) g_top_include_page, (3) g_css_include_file, (4) g_meta_include_file, or (5) a cookie.
      Mantis 0.17.4a and earlier allows remote attackers to view private bugs by modifying the f_id bug ID parameter to (1) bug_update_advanced_page.php, (2) bug_update_page.php, (3) view_bug_advanced_page.php, or (4) view_bug_page.php.
      The "View Bugs" page (view_all_bug_page.php) in Mantis 0.17.4a and earlier includes summaries of private bugs for users that do not have access to any projects.
      Veritas Backup Exec 8.5 and earlier requires that the "RestrictAnonymous" registry key for Microsoft Exchange 2000 must be set to 0, which enables anonymous listing of the SAM database and shares.
      TNS Listener in Oracle Net Services for Oracle 9i 9.2.x and 9.0.x, and Oracle 8i 8.1.x, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang or crash) via a SERVICE_CURLOAD command.
      os._execvpe from os.py in Python 2.2.1 and earlier creates temporary files with predictable names, which could allow local users to execute arbitrary code via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in Savant Web Server 3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      SMTP content filter engines, including (1) GFI MailSecurity for Exchange/SMTP before 7.2, (2) InterScan VirusWall before 3.52 build 1494, (3) the default configuration of MIMEDefang before 2.21, and possibly other products, do not detect fragmented emails as defined in RFC2046 ("Message Fragmentation and Reassembly") and supported in such products as Outlook Express, which allows remote attackers to bypass content filtering, including virus checking, via fragmented emails of the message/partial content type.
      Buffer overflow in the parsing mechanism for ISS Internet Scanner 6.2.1, when using the license banner HTTP check, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long web server response.
      Buffer overflow in the authentication function for Microsoft SQL Server 2000 and Microsoft Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long request to TCP port 1433, aka the "Hello" overflow.
      Multiple buffer overflows in purity 1-16 allow local users to gain privileges and modify high scores tables.
      FreeBSD port programs that use libkvm for FreeBSD 4.6.2-RELEASE and earlier, including (1) asmon, (2) ascpu, (3) bubblemon, (4) wmmon, and (5) wmnet2, leave open file descriptors for /dev/mem and /dev/kmem, which allows local users to read kernel memory.
      Mozilla 1.1 and earlier, and Mozilla-based browsers such as Netscape and Galeon, set the document referrer too quickly in certain situations when a new page is being loaded, which allows web pages to determine the next page that is being visited, including manually entered URLs, using the onunload handler.
      Buffer overflow in uucp in Compaq Tru64/OSF1 3.x allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long source (-s) command line parameter.
      Buffer overflow in inc mail utility for Compaq Tru64/OSF1 3.x allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long MH environment variable.
      Buffer overflow in dxterm allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long -xrm argument.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerabilities in SquirrelMail 1.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute script as other web users via (1) addressbook.php, (2) options.php, (3) search.php, or (4) help.php.
      SquirrelMail 1.2.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine the absolute pathname of the options.php script via a malformed optpage file argument, which generates an error message when the file cannot be included in the script.
      Encoded directory traversal vulnerability in Dino's web server 2.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via ".." (dot dot) sequences with URL-encoded (1) "/" (%2f") or (2) "\" (%5c) characters.
      Unknown vulnerability in Compaq WEBES Service Tools 2.0 through WEBES 4.0 (Service Pack 5) allows local users to read privileged files.
      modsecurity.php 1.10 and earlier, in phpWebSite 0.8.2 and earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP source code via an inc_prefix parameter that points to the malicious code.
      Buffer overflow in the Database Console Command (DBCC) that handles user inputs in Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and 2000, including Microsoft Data Engine (MSDE) 1.0 and Microsoft Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000, allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long SourceDB argument in a "non-SQL OLEDB data source" such as FoxPro, a variant of CAN-2002-0644.
      Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and 2000, including Microsoft Data Engine (MSDE) 1.0 and Microsoft Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000, writes output files for scheduled jobs under its own privileges instead of the entity that launched it, which allows attackers to overwrite system files, aka "Flaw in Output File Handling for Scheduled Jobs."
      The Compressed Folders feature in Microsoft Windows 98 with Plus! Pack, Windows Me, and Windows XP does not properly check the destination folder during the decompression of ZIP files, which allows attackers to place an executable file in a known location on a user's system, aka "Incorrect Target Path for Zipped File Decompression."
      The Sun Microsystems RPC library Services for Unix 3.0 Interix SD, as implemented on Microsoft Windows NT4, 2000, and XP, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (service hang) via malformed packet fragments, aka "Improper parameter size check leading to denial of service."
      An input validation error in the Sun Microsystems RPC library Services for Unix 3.0 Interix SD, as implemented on Microsoft Windows NT4, 2000, and XP, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed fragmented RPC client packets, aka "Denial of service by sending an invalid RPC request."
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the Remote Data Services (RDS) component of Microsoft Data Access Components (MDAC) 2.1 through 2.6, and Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6.0, allows remote attackers to execute code via a malformed HTTP request to the Data Stub.
      Microsoft Word and Excel allow remote attackers to steal sensitive information via certain field codes that insert the information when the document is returned to the attacker, as demonstrated in Word using (1) INCLUDETEXT or (2) INCLUDEPICTURE, aka "Flaw in Word Fields and Excel External Updates Could Lead to Information Disclosure."
      The xp_runwebtask stored procedure in the Web Tasks component of Microsoft SQL Server 7.0 and 2000, Microsoft Data Engine (MSDE) 1.0, and Microsoft Desktop Engine (MSDE) 2000 can be executed by PUBLIC, which allows an attacker to gain privileges by updating a webtask that is owned by the database owner through the msdb.dbo.mswebtasks table, which does not have strong permissions.
      The BIND 4 and BIND 8.2.x stub resolver libraries, and other libraries such as glibc 2.2.5 and earlier, libc, and libresolv, use the maximum buffer size instead of the actual size when processing a DNS response, which causes the stub resolvers to read past the actual boundary ("read buffer overflow"), allowing remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash).
      The HTTP administration interface for HP Procurve 4000M Switch firmware before C.09.16, with stacking features and remote administration enabled, does not authenticate requests to reset the device, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a direct request to the device_reset CGI program.
      Successful exploitation requires that stacking features and remote administration are enabled.
      The default servlet (org.apache.catalina.servlets.DefaultServlet) in Tomcat 4.0.4 and 4.1.10 and earlier allows remote attackers to read source code for server files via a direct request to the servlet.
      The installation procedure for Invision Board suggests that users install the phpinfo.php program under the web root, which leaks sensitive information such as absolute pathnames, OS information, and PHP settings.
      The Remote Desktop Sharing (RDS) Screen Saver Protection capability for Microsoft NetMeeting 3.01 through SP2 (4.4.3396) allows attackers with physical access to hijack remote sessions by entering certain logoff or shutdown sequences (such as CTRL-ALT-DEL) and canceling out of the resulting user confirmation prompts, such as when the remote user is editing a document.
      The cross-site scripting protection for Konqueror in KDE 2.2.2 and 3.0 through 3.0.3 does not properly initialize the domains on sub-frames and sub-iframes, which can allow remote attackers to execute script and steal cookies from subframes that are in other domains.
      Konqueror in KDE 3.0 through 3.0.2 does not properly detect the "secure" flag in an HTTP cookie, which could cause Konqueror to send the cookie across an unencrypted channel, which could allow remote attackers to steal the cookie via sniffing.
      IBM Websphere 4.0.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via an HTTP request with long HTTP headers, such as "Host".
      anlgform.pl in Analog before 5.23 does not restrict access to the PROGRESSFREQ progress update command, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (disk consumption) by using the command to report updates more frequently and fill the web server error log.
      Buffer overflow in KON kon2 0.3.9b and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long -Coding command line argument.
      Apache 2.0.42 allows remote attackers to view the source code of a CGI script via a POST request to a directory with both WebDAV and CGI enabled.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in the mod_ssl Apache module 2.8.9 and earlier, when UseCanonicalName is off and wildcard DNS is enabled, allows remote attackers to execute script as other web site visitors, via the server name in an HTTPS response on the SSL port, which is used in a self-referencing URL, a different vulnerability than CAN-2002-0840.
      Buffer overflow in the irw_through function for Canna 3.5b2 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code as the bin user.
      Canna 3.6 and earlier does not properly validate requests, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or information leak.
      The default configuration of the pam_xauth module forwards MIT-Magic-Cookies to new X sessions, which could allow local users to gain root privileges by stealing the cookies from a temporary .xauth file, which is created with the original user's credentials after root uses su.
      Sendmail Consortium's Restricted Shell (SMRSH) in Sendmail 8.12.6, 8.11.6-15, and possibly other versions after 8.11 from 5/19/1998, allows attackers to bypass the intended restrictions of smrsh by inserting additional commands after (1) "||" sequences or (2) "/" characters, which are not properly filtered or verified.
      Buffer overflow in John Franks WN Server 1.18.2 through 2.0.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long GET request.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in IBM Web Traffic Express Caching Proxy Server 3.6 and 4.x before 4.0.1.26 allows remote attackers to execute script as other users via an HTTP GET request.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in IBM Web Traffic Express Caching Proxy Server 3.6 and 4.x before 4.0.1.26 allows remote attackers to execute script as other users via an HTTP request that contains an Location: header with a "%0a%0d" (CRLF) sequence, which echoes the Location as an HTTP header in the server response.
      IBM Web Traffic Express Caching Proxy Server 3.6 and 4.x before 4.0.1.26 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP request to helpout.exe with a missing HTTP version number, which causes ibmproxy.exe to crash.
      The handle_var_requests function in snmp_agent.c for the SNMP daemon in the Net-SNMP (formerly ucd-snmp) package 5.0.1 through 5.0.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a NULL dereference.
      Buffer overflows in Fetchmail 6.0.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or execute arbitrary code via (1) long headers that are not properly processed by the readheaders function, or (2) via long Received: headers, which are not properly parsed by the parse_received function.
      The getmxrecord function in Fetchmail 6.0.0 and earlier does not properly check the boundary of a particular malformed DNS packet from a malicious DNS server, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) when Fetchmail attempts to read data beyond the expected boundary.
      Buffer overflow in Winamp 2.81 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long Artist ID3v2 tag in an MP3 file.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Winamp 3.0, when displaying an MP3 in the Media Library window, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an MP3 file containing a long (1) Artist or (2) Album ID3v2 tag.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the CGIServlet for Jetty HTTP server before 4.1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via ..\ (dot-dot backslash) sequences in an HTTP request to the cgi-bin directory.
      Buffer overflow in the S/MIME Parsing capability in Microsoft Outlook Express 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a digitally signed email with a long "From" address, which triggers the overflow when the user views or previews the message.
      A typographical error in the script source access permissions for Internet Information Server (IIS) 5.0 does not properly exclude .COM files, which allows attackers with only write permissions to upload malicious .COM files, aka "Script Source Access Vulnerability."
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the administrative web pages for Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0 through 5.1 allow remote attackers to execute HTML script as other users through (1) a certain ASP file in the IISHELP virtual directory, or (2) possibly other unknown attack vectors.
      IIS 5.0 and 5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed WebDAV requests that cause a large amount of memory to be assigned.
      Microsoft Windows 98 and Windows NT 4.0 do not properly verify the Basic Constraints of digital certificates, allowing remote attackers to execute code, aka "New Variant of Certificate Validation Flaw Could Enable Identity Spoofing" (CAN-2002-0862).
      The system root folder of Microsoft Windows 2000 has default permissions of Everyone group with Full access (Everyone:F) and is in the search path when locating programs during login or application launch from the desktop, which could allow attackers to gain privileges as other users via Trojan horse programs.
      Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6.0 does not properly check certain parameters of a PNG file when opening it, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by triggering a heap-based buffer overflow using invalid length codes during decompression, aka "Malformed PNG Image File Failure."
      Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6.0 does not properly perform security checks on certain encoded characters within a URL, which allows a remote attacker to steal potentially sensitive information from a user by redirecting the user to another site that has that information, aka "Encoded Characters Information Disclosure."
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6.0 allows remote attackers to read and execute files on the local system via web pages using the <frame> or <iframe> element and javascript, aka "Frames Cross Site Scripting," as demonstrated using the PrivacyPolicy.dlg resource.
      Internet Explorer 5.01 through 6.0 allows remote attackers to identify the path to the Temporary Internet Files folder and obtain user information such as cookies via certain uses of the OBJECT tag, which are not subjected to the proper security checks, aka "Temporary Internet Files folders Name Reading."
      The default configuration of Cisco Unity 2.x and 3.x does not block international operator calls in the predefined restriction tables, which could allow authenticated users to place international calls using call forwarding.
      Cisco Unity 2.x and 3.x uses well-known default user accounts, which could allow remote attackers to gain access and place arbitrary calls.
      The Sabserv client component in Sabre Desktop Reservation Software 4.2 through 4.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed input to TCP port 1001.
      Multiple buffer overflows in rogue on NetBSD 1.6 and earlier, FreeBSD 4.6, and possibly other operating systems, allows local users to gain "games" group privileges via malformed entries in a game save file.
      tkmail before 4.0beta9-8.1 allows local users to create or overwrite files as users via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Buffer overflow in talkd on NetBSD 1.6 and earlier, and possibly other operating systems, may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long inbound message.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in the PHP interface for ht://Check 1.1 allows remote web servers to insert arbitrary HTML, including script, via a web page.
      editproducts.cgi in Bugzilla 2.14.x before 2.14.4, and 2.16.x before 2.16.1, when the "usebuggroups" feature is enabled and more than 47 groups are specified, does not properly calculate bit values for large numbers, which grants extra permissions to users via known features of Perl math that set multiple bits.
      bugzilla_email_append.pl in Bugzilla 2.14.x before 2.14.4, and 2.16.x before 2.16.1, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters in a system call to processmail.
      Bugzilla 2.16.x before 2.16.1 does not properly filter apostrophes from an email address during account creation, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL via a SQL injection attack.
      The getdbm procedure in ypxfrd allows local users to read arbitrary files, and remote attackers to read databases outside /var/yp, via a directory traversal and symlink attack on the domain and map arguments.
      Balabit Syslog-NG 1.4.x before 1.4.15, and 1.5.x before 1.5.20, when using template filenames or output, does not properly track the size of a buffer when constant characters are encountered during macro expansion, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      IBM AIX 4.3.3 and AIX 5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption or crash) via a flood of malformed TCP packets without any flags set, which prevents AIX from releasing the associated memory buffers.
      Unknown vulnerability in routed for HP Tru64 UNIX V4.0F through V5.1A allows local and remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      IBM SecureWay Firewall before 4.2.2 performs extra processing before determining that a packet is invalid and dropping it, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a flood of malformed TCP packets without any flags set.
      Netscape Communicator 4.x allows attackers to use a link to steal a user's preferences, including potentially sensitive information such as URL history, e-mail address, and possibly the e-mail password, by redefining the user_pref() function and accessing the prefs.js file, which is stored in a directory with a predictable name.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SolarWinds TFTP Server 5.0.55, and possibly earlier, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via "..\" (dot-dot backslash) sequences in a GET request.
      Qualcomm Eudora 5.1.1, 5.2, and possibly other versions stores email attachments in a predictable location, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a link that loads an attachment with malicious script into a frame, which then executes the script in the local browser context.
      Prometheus 6.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a modified PROMETHEUS_LIBRARY_BASE that points to code stored on a remote server, which is then used in (1) index.php, (2) install.php, or (3) various test_*.php scripts.
      Buffer overflow in RadioBird Software WebServer 4 Everyone 1.23 and 1.27, and other versions before 1.30, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in RadioBird Software WebServer 4 Everyone 1.23 and 1.27, and other versions before 1.30, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an HTTP request with ".." (dot-dot) sequences containing URL-encoded forward slash ("%2F") characters.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft PPTP Service on Windows XP and Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a certain PPTP packet with malformed control data.
      Multiple format string vulnerabilities in heartbeat 0.4.9 and earlier (claimed as buffer overflows in some sources) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via certain packets to UDP port 694 (incorrectly claimed as TCP in some sources).
      GNU tar 1.13.19 and other versions before 1.13.25 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack, as the result of a modification that effectively disabled the security check.
      Cross-Frame scripting vulnerability in the WebBrowser control as used in Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, read arbitrary files, or conduct other unauthorized activities via script that accesses the Document property, which bypasses <frame> and <iframe> domain restrictions.
      Buffer overflow in named in BIND 4 versions 4.9.10 and earlier, and 8 versions 8.3.3 and earlier, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain DNS server response containing SIG resource records (RR).
      BIND 8.3.x through 8.3.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (termination due to assertion failure) via a request for a subdomain that does not exist, with an OPT resource record with a large UDP payload size.
      BIND 8.x through 8.3.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via SIG RR elements with invalid expiry times, which are removed from the internal BIND database and later cause a null dereference.
      Buffer overflow in the embedded HTTP server for Cisco Catalyst switches running CatOS 5.4 through 7.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reset) via a long HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in DSC 3.0 parser from GSview, as used in KGhostView in KDE 1.1 and KDE 3.0.3a, may allow attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code via a modified .ps (PostScript) input file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in kpf for KDE 3.0.1 through KDE 3.0.3a allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files as the kpf user via a URL with a modified icon parameter.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Heimdal before 0.5, possibly in both the (1) kadmind and (2) kdc servers, may allow remote attackers to gain root access.
      Unknown vulnerabilities in Heimdal before 0.5 with unknown impact, possibly in the (1) kadmind and (2) kdc servers, may allow remote or local attackers to gain root or other access, but not via buffer overflows (CVE-2002-1225).
      PAM 0.76 treats a disabled password as if it were an empty (null) password, which allows local and remote attackers to gain privileges as disabled users.
      Unknown vulnerability in NFS on Solaris 2.5.1 through Solaris 9 allows an NFS client to cause a denial of service by killing the lockd daemon.
      Avaya Cajun switches P880, P882, P580, and P550R 5.2.14 and earlier contain undocumented accounts (1) manuf and (2) diag with default passwords, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      NetDDE Agent on Windows NT 4.0, 4.0 Terminal Server Edition, Windows 2000, and Windows XP allows local users to execute arbitrary code as LocalSystem via "shatter" style attack by sending a WM_COPYDATA message followed by a WM_TIMER message, as demonstrated by GetAd, aka "Flaw in Windows WM_TIMER Message Handling Could Enable Privilege Elevation."
      SCO UnixWare 7.1.1 and Open UNIX 8.0.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service via an rcp call on /proc.
      Memory leak in ypdb_open in yp_db.c for ypserv before 2.5 in the NIS package 3.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large number of requests for a map that does not exist.
      A regression error in the Debian distributions of the apache-ssl package (before 1.3.9 on Debian 2.2, and before 1.3.26 on Debian 3.0), for Apache 1.3.27 and earlier, allows local users to read or modify the Apache password file via a symlink attack on temporary files when the administrator runs (1) htpasswd or (2) htdigest, a re-introduction of a vulnerability that was originally identified and addressed by CVE-2001-0131.
      The kadm_ser_in function in (1) the Kerberos v4compatibility administration daemon (kadmind4) in the MIT Kerberos 5 (krb5) krb5-1.2.6 and earlier, (2) kadmind in KTH Kerberos 4 (eBones) before 1.2.1, and (3) kadmind in KTH Kerberos 5 (Heimdal) before 0.5.1 when compiled with Kerberos 4 support, does not properly verify the length field of a request, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a buffer overflow attack.
      The remote management web server for Linksys BEFSR41 EtherFast Cable/DSL Router before firmware 1.42.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP request to Gozila.cgi without any arguments.
      Peter Sandvik's Simple Web Server 0.5.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for files via an HTTP request with a sequence of multiple / (slash) characters such as http://www.example.com///file/.
      QNX Neutrino RTOS 6.2.0 uses the PATH environment variable to find and execute the cp program while operating at raised privileges, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the PATH to point to a malicious cp program.
      SQL injection vulnerability in PHP-Nuke before 6.0 allows remote authenticated users to modify the database and gain privileges via the "bio" argument to modules.php.
      Format string vulnerability in Pablo FTP Server 1.5, 1.3, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via format strings in the USER command.
      Maped in LuxMan 0.41 uses the user-provided search path to find and execute the gzip program, which allows local users to modify /dev/mem and gain privileges via a modified PATH environment variable that points to a Trojan horse gzip program.
      Buffer overflow in LISa allows local users to gain access to a raw socket via a long LOGNAME environment variable for the resLISa daemon.
      Northern Solutions Xeneo Web Server 2.1.0.0, 2.0.759.6, and other versions before 2.1.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a GET request for a "%" URI.
      Buffer overflow in Abuse 2.00 and earlier allows local users to gain root privileges via a long -net command line argument.
      Buffer overflow in log2mail before 0.2.5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long log message.
      The Application Messaging Gateway for PeopleTools 8.1x before 8.19, as used in various PeopleSoft products, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via certain XML External Entities (XXE) fields in an HTTP POST request that is processed by the SimpleFileHandler handler.
      Abuse 2.00 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via command line arguments that specify alternate Lisp scripts that run at escalated privileges, which can contain functions that execute commands or modify files.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to bypass the cross-domain security model and access information on the local system or in other domains, and possibly execute code, via cached methods and objects, aka "Cross Domain Verification via Cached Methods."
      Microsoft Outlook 2002 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (repeated failure) via an email message with a certain invalid header field that is accessed using POP3, IMAP, or WebDAV, aka "E-mail Header Processing Flaw Could Cause Outlook 2002 to Fail."
      The SMB signing capability in the Server Message Block (SMB) protocol in Microsoft Windows 2000 and Windows XP allows attackers to disable the digital signing settings in an SMB session to force the data to be sent unsigned, then inject data into the session without detection, e.g. by modifying group policy information sent from a domain controller.
      Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) up to and including build 5.0.3805 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by including a Java applet that invokes COM (Component Object Model) objects in a web site or an HTML mail.
      Two vulnerabilities in Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) up to and including build 5.0.3805, as used in Internet Explorer and other applications, allow remote attackers to read files via a Java applet with a spoofed location in the CODEBASE parameter in the APPLET tag, possibly due to a parsing error.
      The Java Database Connectivity (JDBC) APIs in Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) 5.0.3805 and earlier allow remote attackers to bypass security checks and access database contents via an untrusted Java applet.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 does not perform complete security checks on external caching, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in Oracle iSQL*Plus web application of the Oracle 9 database server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long USERID parameter in the isqlplus URL.
      The Sun RPC functionality in multiple libc implementations does not provide a time-out mechanism when reading data from TCP connections, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang).
      Mac OS X 10.2.2 allows local users to gain privileges by mounting a disk image file that was created on another system, aka "Local User Privilege Elevation via Disk Image File."
      Mac OS X 10.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by accessing the CUPS Printing Web Administration utility, aka "CUPS Printing Web Administration is Remotely Accessible."
      Mac OS X 10.2.2 allows local users to gain privileges via a mounted ISO 9600 CD, aka "User Privilege Elevation via Mounting an ISO 9600 CD."
      Unknown vulnerability in NetInfo Manager application in Mac OS X 10.2.2 allows local users to access restricted parts of a filesystem.
      Mac OS X 10.2.2 allows local users to read files that only allow write access via the map_fd() Mach system call.
      The Mail::Mailer Perl module in the perl-MailTools package 1.47 and earlier uses mailx as the default mailer, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands by inserting them into the mail body, which is then processed by mailx.
      Alcatel OmniSwitch 7700/7800 switches running AOS 5.1.1 contains a back door telnet server that was intended for development but not removed before distribution, which allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges.
      Unknown vulnerability in html2ps HTML/PostScript converter 1.0, when used within LPRng, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via "unsanitized input."
      An incomplete fix for a cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SquirrelMail 1.2.8 calls the strip_tags function on the PHP_SELF value but does not save the result back to that variable, leaving it open to cross-site scripting attacks.
      Buffer overflow in Window Maker (wmaker) 0.80.0 and earlier may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain image file that is not properly handled when Window Maker uses width and height information to allocate a buffer.
      The mailconf module in Linuxconf 1.24, and other versions before 1.28, on Conectiva Linux 6.0 through 8, and possibly other distributions, generates the Sendmail configuration file (sendmail.cf) in a way that configures Sendmail to run as an open mail relay, which allows remote attackers to send Spam email.
      Multiple buffer overflows in conf.c for Masqmail 0.1.x before 0.1.17, and 0.2.x before 0.2.15, allow local users to gain privileges via certain entries in the configuration file (-C option).
      Memory leak in RealSecure Event Collector 6.5 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and crash).
      Unknown vulnerability in the rlogin KIO subsystem (rlogin.protocol) of KDE 2.x 2.1 and later, and KDE 3.x 3.0.4 and earlier, allows local and remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain URL.
      Unknown vulnerability in the telnet KIO subsystem (telnet.protocol) of KDE 2.x 2.1 and later allows local and remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain URL.
      Buffer overflow in Novell iManager (eMFrame) before 1.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an authentication request with a long Distinguished Name (DN) attribute.
      The wizard in KGPG 0.6 through 0.8.2 does not properly provide the passphrase to gpg when creating new keys, which causes secret keys to be created with an empty passphrase and allows local attackers to steal the keys if they can be read.
      runlpr in the LPRng package allows the local lp user to gain root privileges via certain command line arguments.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to steal cookies and execute script in a different security context via a URL that contains a colon in the domain portion, which is not properly parsed and loads an applet from a malicious site within the security context of the site that is being visited by the user.
      Stack-based buffer overflow in the Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long class name through (1) Class.forName or (2) ClassLoader.loadClass.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to determine the current directory of the Internet Explorer process via the getAbsolutePath() method in a File() call.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to read restricted process memory, cause a denial of service (crash), and possibly execute arbitrary code via the getNativeServices function, which creates an instance of the com.ms.awt.peer.INativeServices (INativeServices) class, whose methods do not verify the memory addresses that are passed as parameters.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to read and modify the contents of the Clipboard via an applet that accesses the (1) ClipBoardGetText and (2) ClipBoardSetText methods of the INativeServices class.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary local files and network shares via an applet tag with a codebase set to a "file://%00" (null character) URL.
      The Microsoft Java virtual machine (VM) build 5.0.3805 and earlier, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to extend the Standard Security Manager (SSM) class (com.ms.security.StandardSecurityManager) and bypass intended StandardSecurityManager restrictions by modifying the (1) deniedDefinitionPackages or (2) deniedAccessPackages settings, causing a denial of service by adding Java applets to the list of applets that are prevented from running.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, provides a public load0() method for the CabCracker class (com.ms.vm.loader.CabCracker), which allows remote attackers to bypass the security checks that are performed by the load() method.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, can provide HTML object references to applets via Javascript, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash due to illegal memory accesses) and possibly conduct other unauthorized activities via an applet that uses those references to access proprietary Microsoft methods.
      The Microsoft Java implementation, as used in Internet Explorer, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly conduct other unauthorized activities via applet tags in HTML that bypass Java class restrictions (such as private constructors) by providing the class name in the code parameter, aka "Incomplete Java Object Instantiation Vulnerability."
      Directory traversal vulnerability in priocntl system call in Solaris does allows local users to execute arbitrary code via ".." sequences in the pc_clname field of a pcinfo_t structure, which cause priocntl to load a malicious kernel module.
      Multiple buffer overflows in LISa on KDE 2.x for 2.1 and later, and KDE 3.x before 3.0.4, allow (1) local and possibly remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the "lisa" daemon, and (2) remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a certain "lan://" URL.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in MHonArc 2.5.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to insert script or HTML via an email message with the script in a MIME header name.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in Netscape and Mozilla allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a jar: URL that references a malformed .jar file, which overflows a buffer during decompression.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the error-handling mechanism for the IIS ISAPI handler in Macromedia ColdFusion 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary via an HTTP GET request with a long .cfm file name.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the error-handling mechanism for the IIS ISAPI handler in Macromedia JRun 4.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary via an HTTP GET request with a long .jsp file name.
      Courier sqwebmail before 0.40.0 does not quickly drop privileges after startup in certain cases, which could allow local users to read arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in the Web management interface in Linksys BEFW11S4 wireless access point router 2 and BEFSR11, BEFSR41, and BEFSRU31 EtherFast Cable/DSL routers with firmware before 1.43.3 with remote management enabled allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (router crash) via a long password.
      nullmailer 1.00RC5 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service via an email to a local user that does not exist, which generates an error that causes nullmailer to stop sending mail to all users.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Admin Server for iPlanet WebServer 4.x, up to SP11, allows remote attackers to execute web script or HTML as the iPlanet administrator by injecting the desired script into error logs, and possibly escalating privileges by using the XSS vulnerability in conjunction with another issue (CVE-2002-1316).
      importInfo in the Admin Server for iPlanet WebServer 4.x, up to SP11, allows the web administrator to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the dir parameter, and possibly allows remote attackers to exploit this vulnerability via a separate XSS issue (CVE-2002-1315).
      Buffer overflow in Dispatch() routine for XFS font server (fs.auto) on Solaris 2.5.1 through 9 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) or execute arbitrary code via a certain XFS query.
      Buffer overflow in samba 2.2.2 through 2.2.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via an encrypted password that causes the overflow during decryption in which a DOS codepage string is converted to a little-endian UCS2 unicode string.
      The Linux kernel 2.4.20 and earlier, and 2.5.x, when running on x86 systems, allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang) via the emulation mode, which does not properly clear TF and NT EFLAGs.
      Pine 4.44 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (core dump and failed restart) via an email message with a From header that contains a large number of quotation marks (").
      Multiple buffer overflows in RealOne and RealPlayer allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) a Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language (SMIL) file with a long parameter, (2) a long long filename in a rtsp:// request, e.g. from a .m3u file, or (3) certain "Now Playing" options on a downloaded file with a long filename.
      Rational ClearCase 4.1, 2002.05, and possibly other versions allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain packets to port 371, e.g. via nmap.
      Safe.pm 2.0.7 and earlier, when used in Perl 5.8.0 and earlier, may allow attackers to break out of safe compartments in (1) Safe::reval or (2) Safe::rdo using a redefined @_ variable, which is not reset between successive calls.
      Microsoft Virtual Machine (VM) build 5.0.3805 and earlier allows remote attackers to determine a local user's username via a Java applet that accesses the user.dir system property, aka "User.dir Exposure Vulnerability."
      Buffer overflow in the Windows Shell function in Microsoft Windows XP allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an .MP3 or .WMA audio file with a corrupt custom attribute, aka "Unchecked Buffer in Windows Shell Could Enable System Compromise."
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in BizDesign ImageFolio 3.01 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script as other users via (1) the direct parameter in imageFolio.cgi, or (2) nph-build.cgi.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in w3m 0.3.2 does not escape an HTML tag in a frame, which allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary web script or HTML and access files or cookies.
      TightVNC before 1.2.6 generates the same challenge string for multiple connections, which allows remote attackers to bypass VNC authentication by sniffing the challenge and response of other users.
      Buffer overflow in Sendmail 5.79 to 8.12.7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via certain formatted address fields, related to sender and recipient header comments as processed by the crackaddr function of headers.c.
      The Load method in the Chart component of Office Web Components (OWC) 9 and 10 generates an exception when a specified file does not exist, which allows remote attackers to determine the existence of local files.
      The "XMLURL" property in the Spreadsheet component of Office Web Components (OWC) 10 follows redirections, which allows remote attackers to determine the existence of local files based on exceptions, or to read WorkSheet XML files.
      The "ConnectionFile" property in the DataSourceControl component in Office Web Components (OWC) 10 allows remote attackers to determine the existence of local files by detecting an exception.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in read_body.php for SquirrelMail 1.2.10, 1.2.9, and earlier allows remote attackers to insert script and HTML via the (1) mailbox and (2) passed_id parameters.
      Unknown vulnerability in smb2www 980804-16 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in wget before 1.8.2-4 allows a remote FTP server to create or overwrite files as the wget user via filenames containing (1) /absolute/path or (2) .. (dot dot) sequences.
      Directory traversal vulnerabilities in multiple FTP clients on UNIX systems allow remote malicious FTP servers to create or overwrite files as the client user via filenames containing /absolute/path or .. (dot dot) sequences.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Cyrus SASL library 2.1.9 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) long inputs during user name canonicalization, (2) characters that need to be escaped during LDAP authentication using saslauthd, or (3) an off-by-one error in the log writer, which does not allocate space for the null character that terminates a string.
      w3m before 0.3.2.2 does not properly escape HTML tags in the ALT attribute of an IMG tag, which could allow remote attackers to access files or cookies.
      Buffer overflow in pop3trap.exe for PC-cillin 2000, 2002, and 2003 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long input string to TCP port 110 (POP3).
      The BGP decoding routines in tcpdump 3.6.x before 3.7 do not properly copy data, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (application crash).
      Buffer overflow in Melange Chat System 1.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (chat server crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via the msgText buffer in the chat_InterpretData function, as demonstrated via a long Nick (nickname) request.
      Per Magne Knutsen's CartMan shopping cart (cartman.php) 1.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify product prices by changing the price parameter.
      LocalWEB2000 HTTP server 2.1.0 stores passwords in plain text under the web document root in users.lst, which allows remote attackers to obtain the passwords via a direct request to users.lst.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in TYPSoft FTP Server 0.99.8 allows local users to list the contents of arbitrary directories via a ... (dot dot dot) in the cd/CWD command.
      Multiple integer signedness errors in the BGP dissector in Ethereal 0.9.7 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) via malformed messages.
      Ethereal 0.9.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via malformed packets to the (1) LMP, (2) PPP, or (3) TDS dissectors, possibly related to a missing field for EndVerifyAck messages.
      Multiple SSH2 servers and clients do not properly handle packets or data elements with incorrect length specifiers, which may allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the SSHredder SSH protocol test suite.
      Multiple SSH2 servers and clients do not properly handle lists with empty elements or strings, which may allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated by the SSHredder SSH protocol test suite.
      Multiple SSH2 servers and clients do not properly handle large packets or large fields, which may allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code via buffer overflow attacks, as demonstrated by the SSHredder SSH protocol test suite.
      Multiple SSH2 servers and clients do not properly handle strings with null characters in them when the string length is specified by a length field, which could allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service or possibly execute arbitrary code due to interactions with the use of null-terminated strings as implemented using languages such as C, as demonstrated by the SSHredder SSH protocol test suite.
      overflow.cgi CGI script in Sun Cobalt RaQ 4 with the SHP (Security Hardening Patch) installed allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a POST request with shell metacharacters in the email parameter.
      mICQ 0.4.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via malformed ICQ message types without a 0xFE separator character.
      Portable Network Graphics (PNG) library libpng 1.2.5 and earlier does not correctly calculate offsets, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a buffer overflow attack on the row buffers.
      Buffer overflow in the get_origin function in traceroute-nanog allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via long WHOIS responses.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in Fetchmail 6.1.3 and earlier does not account for the "@" character when determining buffer lengths for local addresses, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a header with a large number of local addresses.
      Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) 1.1.14 through 1.1.17 allows local users with lp privileges to create or overwrite arbitrary files via file race conditions, as demonstrated by ice-cream.
      Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) 1.1.14 through 1.1.17 allows remote attackers to add printers without authentication via a certain UDP packet, which can then be used to perform unauthorized activities such as stealing the local root certificate for the administration server via a "need authorization" page, as demonstrated by new-coke.
      Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) 1.1.14 through 1.1.17 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code by causing negative arguments to be fed into memcpy() calls via HTTP requests with (1) a negative Content-Length value or (2) a negative length in a chunked transfer encoding.
      jobs.c in Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) 1.1.14 through 1.1.17 does not properly use the strncat function call when processing the options string, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a buffer overflow attack.
      filters/image-gif.c in Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) 1.1.14 through 1.1.17 does not properly check for zero-length GIF images, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via modified chunk headers, as demonstrated by nogif.
      Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) 1.1.14 through 1.1.17 does not properly check the return values of various file and socket operations, which could allow a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) by causing file descriptors to be assigned and not released, as demonstrated by fanta.
      Signed integer vulnerability in the COM_TABLE_DUMP package for MySQL 3.23.x before 3.23.54 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash or hang) in mysqld by causing large negative integers to be provided to a memcpy call.
      The COM_CHANGE_USER command in MySQL 3.x before 3.23.54, and 4.x before 4.0.6, allows remote attackers to gain privileges via a brute force attack using a one-character password, which causes MySQL to only compare the provided password against the first character of the real password.
      The COM_CHANGE_USER command in MySQL 3.x before 3.23.54, and 4.x to 4.0.6, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long response.
      libmysqlclient client library in MySQL 3.x to 3.23.54, and 4.x to 4.0.6, does not properly verify length fields for certain responses in the (1) read_rows or (2) read_one_row routines, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      vim 6.0 and 6.1, and possibly other versions, allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands using the libcall feature in modelines, which are not sandboxed but may be executed when vim is used to edit a malicious file, as demonstrated using mutt.
      Multiple buffer overflows in OpenLDAP2 (OpenLDAP 2) 2.2.0 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) long -t or -r parameters to slurpd, (2) a malicious ldapfilter.conf file that is not properly handled by getfilter functions, (3) a malicious ldaptemplates.conf that causes an overflow in libldap, (4) a certain access control list that causes an overflow in slapd, or (5) a long generated filename for logging rejected replication requests.
      OpenLDAP2 (OpenLDAP 2) 2.2.0 and earlier allows remote or local attackers to execute arbitrary code when libldap reads the .ldaprc file within applications that are running with extra privileges.
      Linux kernel 2.2.x allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by using the mmap() function with a PROT_READ parameter to access non-readable memory pages through the /proc/pid/mem interface.
      Format string vulnerability in daemon.c for Exim 4.x through 4.10, and 3.x through 3.36, allows exim administrative users to execute arbitrary code by modifying the pid_file_path value.
      Macromedia Flash Player before 6.0.65.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via certain malformed data headers in Shockwave Flash file format (SWF) files, a different issue than CAN-2002-0846.
      Multiple integer overflows in Common Unix Printing System (CUPS) 1.1.14 through 1.1.17 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) the CUPSd HTTP interface, as demonstrated by vanilla-coke, and (2) the image handling code in CUPS filters, as demonstrated by mksun.
      Integer overflow in pdftops, as used in Xpdf 2.01 and earlier, xpdf-i, and CUPS before 1.1.18, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a ColorSpace entry with a large number of elements, as demonstrated by cups-pdf.
      openwebmail_init in Open WebMail 1.81 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via .. (dot dot) sequences in a login name, such as the name provided in the sessionid parameter for  openwebmail-abook.pl, which is used to find a configuration file that specifies additional code to be executed.
      Buffer overflow in traceroute-nanog (aka traceroute-ng) may allow local users to execute arbitrary code via a long hostname argument.
      The spray mode in traceroute-nanog (aka traceroute-ng) may allow local users to overwrite arbitrary memory locations via an array index overflow using the nprobes (number of probes) argument.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in MHonArc before 2.5.14 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML into web archive pages via HTML mail messages.
      Buffer overflow in typespeed 0.4.2 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via long input.
      The daemon for GeneWeb before 4.09 does not properly handle requested paths, which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a crafted URL.
      Buffer overflow in cnd-program for mgetty before 1.1.29 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a Caller ID string with a long CallerName argument.
      faxspool in mgetty before 1.1.29 uses a world-writable spool directory for outgoing faxes, which allows local users to modify fax transmission privileges.
      Multiple vulnerabilities in KDE 2 and KDE 3.x through 3.0.5 do not quote certain parameters that are inserted into a shell command, which could allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via (1) URLs, (2) filenames, or (3) e-mail addresses.
      Apache Tomcat 4.0.5 and earlier, when using both the invoker servlet and the default servlet, allows remote attackers to read source code for server files or bypass certain protections, a variant of CAN-2002-1148.
      Internet Message (IM) 141-18 and earlier uses predictable file and directory names, which allows local users to (1) obtain unauthorized directory permissions via a temporary directory used by impwagent, and (2) overwrite and create arbitrary files via immknmz.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the wordwrap function in PHP after 4.1.2 and before 4.3.0 may allow attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code.
      Vulnerability in the cash_words() function for PostgreSQL 7.2 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a large negative argument, possibly triggering an integer signedness error or buffer overflow.
      Buffer overflow in the date parser for PostgreSQL before 7.2.2 allows attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long date string, aka a vulnerability "in handling long datetime input."
      Unknown vulnerability in cash_out and possibly other functions in PostgreSQL 7.2.1 and earlier, and possibly later versions before 7.2.3, with unknown impact, based on an invalid integer input which is processed as a different data type, as demonstrated using cash_out(2).
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the repeat() function for PostgreSQL before 7.2.2 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code by causing repeat() to generate a large string.
      Buffer overflows in (1) circle_poly, (2) path_encode and (3) path_add (also incorrectly identified as path_addr) for PostgreSQL 7.2.3 and earlier allow attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code, possibly as a result of an integer overflow.
      Buffer overflows in the (1) TZ and (2) SET TIME ZONE enivronment variables for PostgreSQL 7.2.1 and earlier allow local users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      dhcpcd DHCP client daemon 1.3.22 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via shell metacharacters that are fed from a dhcpd .info script into a .exe script.
      CRLF injection vulnerability in Lynx 2.8.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject false HTTP headers into an HTTP request that is provided on the command line, via a URL containing encoded carriage return, line feed, and other whitespace characters.
      Unknown vulnerability in passwd for VVOS HP-UX 11.04, with unknown impact, related to "Unexpected behavior."
      TinySSL 1.02 and earlier does not verify the Basic Constraints for an intermediate CA-signed certificate, which allows remote attackers to spoof the certificates of trusted sites via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      Unknown vulnerability or vulnerabilities in HP OpenView EMANATE 14.2 snmpModules allow the SNMP read-write community name to be exposed, related to (1) "'read-only' community access," and/or (2) an easily guessable community name.
      ptrace on HP-UX 11.00 through 11.11 allows local users to cause a denial of service (data page fault panic) via "an incorrect reference to thread register state."
      Easy Guestbook CGI programs do not authenticate the administrator, which allows remote attackers to (1) delete entries via direct access of admin.cgi, or (2) reconfigure Guestbook via direct access of config.cgi.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in update.dpgs in Duma Photo Gallery System (DPGS) 0.99.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in the id parameter.
      Gallery photo album package before 1.3.1 allows local and possibly remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a modified GALLERY_BASEDIR variable that points to a directory or URL that contains a Trojan horse init.php script.
      RCONAG6 for Novell Netware SP2, while running RconJ in secure mode, allows remote attackers to bypass authentication using the RconJ "Secure IP" (SSL) option during a connection.
      Buffer overflow in qmailadmin allows local users to gain privileges via a long QMAILADMIN_TEMPLATEDIR environment variable.
      Format string vulnerability in SMTP service for WebEasyMail 3.4.2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via format strings in SMTP requests.
      The POP3 service for WebEasyMail 3.4.2.2 and earlier generates diffferent error messages for valid and invalid usernames during authentication, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct brute force attacks.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Novell NetBasic Scripting Server (NSN) for Netware 5.1 and 6, and Novell Small Business Suite 5.1 and 6, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL containing a "..%5c" sequence (modified dot-dot), which is mapped to the directory separator.
      Buffer overflow in the interpreter for Novell NetBasic Scripting Server (NSN) for Netware 5.1 and 6, and Novell Small Business Suite 5.1 and 6, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (ABEND) via a long module name.
      The upgrade of IRIX on Origin 3000 to 6.5.13 through 6.5.16 changes the MAC address of the system, which could modify intended access restrictions that are based on a MAC address.
      Integer signedness error in select() on OpenBSD 3.1 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary kernel memory via a negative value for the size parameter, which satisfies the boundary check as a signed integer, but is later used as an unsigned integer during a data copying operation.
      SQL injection vulnerabilities in FUDforum before 2.2.0 allow remote attackers to perform unauthorized database operations via (1) report.php, (2) selmsg.php, and (3) showposts.php.
      admbrowse.php in FUDforum before 2.2.0 allows remote attackers to create or delete files via URL-encoded pathnames in the cur and dest parameters.
      tmp_view.php in FUDforum before 2.2.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an absolute pathname in the file parameter.
      Buffer overflow in munpack in mpack 1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in munpack in mpack 1.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to create new files in the parent directory via a ../ (dot-dot) sequence in the filename to be extracted.
      HP ProCurve Switch 4000M C.07.23 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an SNMP write request containing 85 characters, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      The print_html_to_file function in edit.cgi for Easy Homepage Creator 1.0 does not check user credentials, which allows remote attackers to modify home pages of other users.
      index.php in dotProject 0.2.1.5 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a cookie or URL with the user_cookie parameter set to 1.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in board.php of endity.com ShoutBOX allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML into the shoutbox page via the site parameter.
      Unknown vulnerability in Sympoll 1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files when register_globals is enabled, possibly by modifying certain PHP variables through URL parameters.
      Belkin F5D5230-4 4-Port Cable/DSL Gateway Router 1.20.000 modifies the source IP address of internal packets to that of the router's external interface when forwarding a request from an internal host to an internal web server, which allows remote attackers to hide which host is being used to access the web server.
      MidiCart stores the midicart.mdb database file under the Web document root, which allows remote attackers to steal sensitive information by directly requesting the database.
      Kerio MailServer 5.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via SYN packets to the supported network services.
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in the Web mail module of Kerio MailServer 5.0 allow remote attackers to execute HTML script as other users via certain URLs.
      class.atkdateattribute.js.php in Achievo 0.7.0 through 0.9.1, except 0.8.2, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code when the 'allow_url_fopen' setting is enabled via a URL in the config_atkroot parameter that points to the code.
      The web handler for Perl 5.003 on Novell NetWare 5.1 and NetWare 6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Perl code via an HTTP POST request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the web handler for Perl 5.003 on Novell NetWare 5.1 and NetWare 6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an HTTP request containing "..%5c" (URL-encoded dot-dot backslash) sequences.
      The web handler for Perl 5.003 on Novell NetWare 5.1 and NetWare 6 allows remote attackers to obtain Perl version information via the -v option.
      Unknown vulnerability related to stack corruption in the TGA daemon for HP-UX 11.04 (VVOS) Virtualvault 4.0, 4.5, and 4.6 may allow attackers to obtain access to system files.
      The Gateway GS-400 server has a default root password of "0001n" that can not be changed via the administrative interface, which can allow attackers to gain root privileges.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Tomahawk SteelArrow before 4.5 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) the Steelarrow Service (Steelarrow.exe) using a long UserIdent Cookie header, (2) DLLHOST.EXE (Steelarrow.dll) via a request for a long .aro file, or (3) DLLHOST.EXE via a Chunked Transfer-Encoding request.
      The Google toolbar 1.1.58 and earlier allows remote web sites to perform unauthorized toolbar operations including script execution and file reading in other zones such as "My Computer" by opening a window to tools.google.com or the res: protocol, then using script to modify the window's location to the toolbar's configuration URL, which bypasses the origin verification check.
      The Google toolbar 1.1.58 and earlier allows remote web sites to monitor a user's input into the toolbar via an "onkeydown" event handler.
      The Google toolbar 1.1.60, when running on Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash with an exception in oleaut32.dll) via malicious HTML, possibly related to small width and height parameters or an incorrect call to the Google.Search() function.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CERN Proxy Server allows remote attackers to execute script as other users via a link to a non-existent page whose name contains the script, which is inserted into the resulting error page.
      The error checking routine used for the C_Verify call on a symmetric verification key in the nCipher PKCS#11 library 1.2.0 and later returns the CKR_OK status even when it detects an invalid signature, which could allow remote attackers to modify or forge messages.
      Buffer overflow in the vpnclient program for UNIX VPN Client before 3.5.2 allows local users to gain administrative privileges via a long profile name in a connect argument.
      An undocumented SNMP read/write community string ('NoGaH$@!') in Avaya P330, P130, and M770-ATM Cajun products allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges.
      eUpload 1.0 stores the password.txt password file in plaintext under the web document root, which allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files by reading password.txt.
      IBM UniVerse with UV/ODBC allows attackers to cause a denial of service (client crash or server CPU consumption) via a query with an invalid link between tables, possibly via a buffer overflow.
      Blazix before 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to read source code of JSP scripts or list restricted web directories via an HTTP request that ends in a (1) "+" or (2) "\" (backslash) character.
      Buffer overflow in the search capability for MyWebServer 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long searchTarget parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in MyWebServer 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to insert script and HTML via a long request followed by the malicious script, which is echoed back to the user in an error message.
      MyWebServer 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to determine the absolute path of the web document root via a request for a directory that does not exist, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in OmniHTTPd allow remote attackers to insert script or HTML into web pages via (1) test.php, (2) test.shtml, or (3) redir.exe.
      Buffer overflow in mIRC 6.0.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long $asctime value.
      SQL injection vulnerability in search.php for L-Forum 2.40 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL statements via the search parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in L-Forum 2.40 and earlier, when the "Enable HTML in messages" option is on, allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary script or HTML via message fields including (1) From, (2) E-Mail, (3) Subject and (4) Body.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability in L-Forum 2.40 and earlier, when the "Enable HTML in messages" option is off, allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary script or HTML via message fields including (1) From, (2) E-Mail, and (3) Subject.
      L-Forum 2.40 and earlier does not properly verify whether a file was uploaded or if the associated variables were set by POST (attachment, attachment_name, attachment_size and attachment_type), which allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files.
      Web Shop Manager 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the search box.
      details2.php in OrganicPHP PHP-affiliate 1.0, and possibly later versions, allows remote attackers to modify information of other users by modifying certain hidden form fields.
      Symantec Raptor Firewall 6.5 and 6.5.3, Enterprise Firewall 6.5.2 and 7.0, VelociRaptor Models 500/700/1000 and 1100/1200/1300, and Gateway Security 5110/5200/5300 generate easily predictable initial sequence numbers (ISN), which allows remote attackers to spoof connections.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CafeLog b2 Weblog Tool allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary HTML or script via the GPC variable.
      SQL injection vulnerability in CafeLog b2 Weblog Tool allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL code via the tablehosts variable.
      CafeLog b2 Weblog Tool 2.06pre4, with allow_fopen_url enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the b2inc variable.
      Macromedia Flash Plugin before 6,0,47,0 allows remote attackers to bypass the same-domain restriction and read arbitrary files via (1) an HTTP redirect, (2) a "file://" base in a web document, or (3) a relative URL from a web archive (mht file).
      Buffer overflow in errpt in AIX 4.3.3 allows local users to execute arbitrary code as root.
      scponly does not properly verify the path when finding the (1) scp or (2) sftp-server programs, which could allow remote authenticated users to bypass access controls by uploading malicious programs and modifying the PATH variable in $HOME/.ssh/environment to locate those programs.
      SHOUTcast 1.8.9 and earlier allows local users to obtain the cleartext administrative password via a GET request to port 8001, which causes the password to be logged in the world-readable sc_serv.log file.
      The camel component for Ximian Evolution 1.0.x and earlier does not verify certificates when it establishes a new SSL connection after previously verifying a certificate, which could allow remote attackers to monitor or modify sessions via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      Untrusted search path vulnerability in libX11.so in xfree86, when used in setuid or setgid programs, allows local users to gain root privileges via a modified LD_PRELOAD environment variable that points to a malicious module.
      Multiple buffer overflows in lp subsystem for HP-UX 10.20 through 11.11 (11i) allow local users to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      Unknown vulnerability or vulnerabilities in TCP/IP component for HP Tru64 UNIX 4.0f, 4.0g, and 5.0a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Unknown vulnerability in the ARP component for HP Tru64 UNIX 4.0f, 4.0g, and 5.0a allows remote attackers to "take over packets destined for another host" and cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in setlocale in libc on NetBSD 1.4.x through 1.6, and possibly other operating systems, when called with the LC_ALL category, allows local attackers to execute arbitrary code via a user-controlled locale string that has more than 6 elements, which exceeds the boundaries of the new_categories category array, as exploitable through programs such as xterm and zsh.
      graphs.php in Cacti before 0.6.8 allows remote authenticated Cacti administrators to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the title during edit mode.
      Cacti before 0.6.8 allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the "Data Input" option in console mode.
      Cacti before 0.6.8 stores a MySQL username and password in plaintext in config.php, which has world-readable permissions, which allows local users to modify databases as the Cacti user and possibly gain privileges.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phpGB before 1.20 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or script into guestbook pages, which is executed when the administrator deletes the entry.
      savesettings.php in phpGB 1.20 and earlier does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary PHP code by using savesettings.php to modify config.php.
      SQL injection vulnerability in login.php for phpGB 1.20 and earlier, when magic_quotes_gpc is not enabled, allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via SQL code in the password entry.
      db4web_c and db4web_c.exe programs in DB4Web 3.4 and 3.6 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via an HTTP request whose argument is a filename of the form (1) C: (drive letter), (2) //absolute/path (double-slash), or (3) .. (dot-dot).
      DB4Web server, when configured to use verbose debug messages, allows remote attackers to use DB4Web as a proxy and attempt TCP connections to other systems (port scan) via a request for a URL that specifies the target IP address and port, which produces a connection status in the resulting error message.
      The AIM component of Trillian 0.73 and 0.74 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain strings such as "P > O < C".
      Multiple buffer overflows in the IRC component of Trillian 0.73 and 0.74 allows remote malicious IRC servers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) a large response from the server, (2) a JOIN with a long channel name, (3) a long "raw 221" message, (4) a PRIVMSG with a long nickname, or (5) a long response from an IDENT server.
      The IRC component of Trillian 0.73 and 0.74 allows remote malicious IRC servers to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending the raw messages (1) 206, (2) 211, (3) 213, (4) 214, (5) 215, (6) 217, (7) 218, (8) 243, (9) 302, (10) 317, (11) 324, (12) 332, (13) 333, (14) 352, and (15) 367.
      The IRC component of Trillian 0.73 and 0.74 allows remote malicious IRC servers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a PART message with (1) a missing channel or (2) a channel that the Trillian user is not in.
      Buffer overflow in PlanetDNS PlanetWeb 1.14 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) an HTTP GET request with a long URL or (2) a request with a long method name.
      NetBSD 1.4 through 1.6 beta allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via a series of calls to the TIOCSCTTY ioctl, which causes an integer overflow in a structure counter and sets the counter to zero, which frees memory that is still in use by other processes.
      The Cisco VPN 5000 Client for MacOS before 5.2.2 records the most recently used login password in plaintext when saving "Default Connection" settings, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflows in the Cisco VPN 5000 Client before 5.2.7 for Linux, and VPN 5000 Client before 5.2.8 for Solaris, allow local users to gain root privileges via (1) close_tunnel and (2) open_tunnel.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Lycos HTMLGear guestbook allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary script via (1) STYLE attributes or (2) SRC attributes in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Aestiva HTML/OS allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary HTML or script by inserting the script after a trailing / character, which inserts the script into the resulting error message.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in JAWmail 1.0-rc1 allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary script or HTML via (1) attached file names in the Read Mail feature, (2) text/html mails that are displayed in a pop-up window, and (3) certain malicious attributes within otherwise safe tags, such as onMouseOver.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in Null HTTP Server 0.5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a negative value in the Content-Length HTTP header.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Null HTTP Server 0.5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary HTML into a "404 Not Found" response.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in SWServer 2.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a URL containing .. sequences with "/" or "\" characters.
      Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in FactoSystem CMS allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized database actions via (1) the authornumber parameter in author.asp, (2) the discussblurbid parameter in discuss.asp, (3) the name parameter in holdcomment.asp, and (4) the email parameter in holdcomment.asp.
      Buffer overflow in (1) mrinfo, (2) mtrace, and (3) pppd in NetBSD 1.4.x through 1.6 allows local users to gain privileges by executing the programs after filling the file descriptor tables, which produces file descriptors larger than FD_SETSIZE, which are not checked by FD_SET().
      The MPS functionality in Enterasys SSR8000 (Smart Switch Router) before firmware 8.3.0.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via multiple port scans to ports 15077 and 15078.
      Symbolic link vulnerability in xbreaky before 0.5.5 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink from the user's .breakyhighscores file to the target file.
      Buffer overflow in Automatic File Distributor (AFD) 1.2.14 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via a long MON_WORK_DIR environment variable or -w (workdir) argument to (1) afd, (2) afdcmd, (3) afd_ctrl, (4) init_afd, (5) mafd, (6) mon_ctrl, (7) show_olog, or (8) udc.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in WebServer 4 Everyone 1.22 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via "..\" (dot-dot backslash) sequences in a URL.
      SQL injection vulnerability in board.php for WoltLab Burning Board (wBB) 2.0 RC 1 and earlier allows remote attackers to modify the database and possibly gain privileges via the boardid parameter.
      Buffer overflow in Linuxconf before 1.28r4 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long LINUXCONF_LANG environment variable, which overflows an error string that is generated.
      Unreal Tournament 2003 (ut2003) clients and servers allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed messages containing a small number of characters to UDP ports 7778 or 10777.
      slapd in OpenLDAP2 (OpenLDAP 2) 2.2.0 and earlier allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a race condition during the creation of a log file for rejected replication requests.
      A patch for shadow-utils 20000902 causes the useradd command to create a mail spool files with read/write privileges of the new user's group (mode 660), which allows other users in the same group to read or modify the new user's incoming email.
      xdm, with the authComplain variable set to false, allows arbitrary attackers to connect to the X server if the xdm auth directory does not exist.
      The vncserver wrapper for vnc before 3.3.3r2-21 uses the rand() function instead of srand(), which causes vncserver to generate weak cookies.
      xbru in BRU Workstation 17.0 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain root privileges via a symlink attack on the xbru_dscheck.dd temporary file.
      The UCX POP server in HP TCP/IP services for OpenVMS 4.2 through 5.3 allows local users to truncate arbitrary files via the -logfile command line option, which overrides file system permissions because the server runs with the SYSPRV and BYPASS privileges.
      gds_lock_mgr in Borland InterBase allows local users to overwrite files and gain privileges via a symlink attack on a "isc_init1.X" temporary file, as demonstrated by modifying the xinetdbd file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in avatar.php in CoolForum 0.5 beta allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in the img parameter.
      rpcbind in SGI IRIX, when using the -w command line switch, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      fsr_efs in IRIX 6.5 allows local users to conduct unauthorized file activities via a symlink attack, possibly via the .fsrlast file.
      mv in IRIX 6.5 creates a directory with world-writable permissions while moving a directory, which could allow local users to modify files and directories.
      Format string vulnerability in the CLI interface for WatchGuard Firebox Vclass 3.2 and earlier, and RSSA Appliance 3.0.2, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers in the password parameter.
      The CLI interface for WatchGuard Firebox Vclass 3.2 and earlier, and RSSA Appliance 3.0.2, does not properly close the SSH connection when a -N option is provided during authentication, which allows remote attackers to access CLI with administrator privileges.
      Web Server 4D (WS4D) 3.6 stores passwords in plaintext in the Ws4d.4DD file, which allows attackers to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in PowerFTP FTP server 2.24, and possibly other versions, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long USER argument.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Daniel Arenz Mini Server 2.1.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via (1) ../ (dot-dot slash) or (2) ..\ (dot-dot backslash) sequences.
      Buffer overflow in XML parser in wsabi.dll of Winamp 3 (1.0.0.488) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a skin file (.wal) with a long include file tag.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ASTAware SearchDisk engine for Sun ONE Starter Kit 2.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) attack on port (1) 6015 or (2) 6016, or (3) an absolute pathname to port 6017.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in emumail.cgi for EMU Webmail 5.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary HTML or script via the email address field.
      emumail.cgi in EMU Webmail 5.0 allows remote attackers to determine the full pathname for emumail.cgi via a malformed string containing script, which generates a regular expression matching error that includes the pathname in the resulting error message.
      MsmMask.exe in MondoSearch 4.4 allows remote attackers to obtain the source code of scripts via the mask parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in msgError.asp for the administrative web interface (STEMWADM) for SurfControl SuperScout Email Filter allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary script or HTML via the Reason parameter.
      The administrative web interface (STEMWADM) for SurfControl SuperScout Email Filter allows users to obtain usernames and plaintext passwords via a request to the userlist.asp program, which includes the passwords in a user editing form.
      The administrative web interface (STEMWADM) for SurfControl SuperScout Email Filter allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP request without a Content-Length parameter.
      The administrative web interface (STEMWADM) for SurfControl SuperScout Email Filter allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) via a GET request without the terminating /r/n/r/n (CRLF) sequence, which causes the interface to wait for the sequence and blocks other users from accessing it.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Jetty JSP servlet engine allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary HTML or script via an HTTP request to a .jsp file whose name contains the malicious script and some encoded linefeed characters (%0a).
      Macromedia Flash Player allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via XML script in a .swf file that is hosted on a remote SMB share.
      Secure Webserver 1.1 in Raptor 6.5 and Symantec Enterprise Firewall 6.5.2 allows remote attackers to identify IP addresses of hosts on the internal network via a CONNECT request, which generates different error messages if the host is present.
      Molly IRC bot 0.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in (1) the $host variable for nslookup.pl, (2) the $to, $from, or $message variables in pop.pl, (3) the $words or $text variables in sms.pl, or (4) the $server or $printer variables in hpled.pl.
      admin_ug_auth.php in phpBB 2.0.0 allows local users to gain administrator privileges by directly calling admin_ug_auth.php with modifed form fields such as "u".
      Acuma Acusend 4, and possibly earlier versions, allows remote authenticated users to read the reports of other users by inferring the full URL, whose name is easily predictable.
      Buffer overflow in MDaemon POP server 6.0.7 and earlier allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service via long (1) DELE or (2) UIDL arguments.
      The client for Symantec Norton AntiVirus Corporate Edition 7.5.x before 7.5.1 Build 62 and 7.6.x before 7.6.1 Build 35a runs winhlp32 with raised privileges, which allows local users to gain privileges by using certain features of winhlp32.
      BadBlue 1.7 allows remote attackers to bypass password protections for directories and files via an HTTP request containing an extra / (slash).
      SolarWinds TFTP server 5.0.55 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large UDP datagram, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      Buffer overflow in trek on NetBSD 1.5 through 1.5.3 allows local users to gain privileges via long keyboard input.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in CooolSoft Personal FTP Server 2.24 allows remote attackers to read or modify arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in the commands (1) LIST (ls), (2) mkdir, (3) put, or (4) get.
      CooolSoft Personal FTP Server 2.24 allows remote attackers to obtain the absolute pathname of the FTP root via a PWD command, which includes the full path in the response.
      BRS WebWeaver Web Server 1.01 allows remote attackers to bypass password protections for files and directories via an HTTP request containing a "/./" sequence.
      Netscreen running ScreenOS 4.0.0r6 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a malformed SSH packet to the Secure Command Shell (SCS) management interface, as demonstrated via certain CRC32 exploits, a different vulnerability than CVE-2001-0144.
      Unknown vulnerability in autofs on AIX 4.3.0, when using executable maps, allows attackers to execute arbitrary commands as root, possibly related to "string handling around how the executable map is called."
      Buffer overflow in Light HTTPd (lhttpd) 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      dump_smutil.sh in IBM AIX allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Buffer overflow in nslookup in IBM AIX may allow attackers to cause a denial of service or execute arbitrary code.
      Novell eDirectory (eDir) 8.6.2 and Netware 5.1 eDir 85.x allows users with expired passwords to gain inappropriate permissions when logging in from Remote Manager.
      Cisco ONS15454 and ONS15327 running ONS before 3.4 allows remote attackers to modify the system configuration and delete files by establishing an FTP connection to the TCC, TCC+ or XTC using a username and password that does not exist.
      Cisco ONS15454 and ONS15327 running ONS before 3.4 stores usernames and passwords in cleartext in the image database for the TCC, TCC+ or XTC, which could allow attackers to gain privileges by obtaining the passwords from the image database or a backup.
      Cisco ONS15454 and ONS15327 running ONS before 3.4 uses a "public" SNMP community string that cannot be changed, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      Cisco ONS15454 and ONS15327 running ONS before 3.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (reset) via an HTTP request to the TCC, TCC+ or XTC, in which the request contains an invalid CORBA Interoperable Object Reference (IOR).
      Cisco ONS15454 and ONS15327 running ONS before 3.4 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (reset to TCC, TCC+, TCCi or XTC) via a malformed HTTP request that does not contain a leading / (slash) character.
      Cisco ONS15454 and ONS15327 running ONS before 3.4 have an account for the VxWorks Operating System in the TCC, TCC+ and XTC that cannot be changed or disabled, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges by connecting to the account via Telnet.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in ion-p.exe (aka ion-p) allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via (1) C: (drive letter) or (2) .. (dot-dot) sequences in the page parameter.
      index.php in gBook 1.4 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain administrative privileges by setting the login parameter to true.
      The RPC component in Windows 2000, Windows NT 4.0, and Windows XP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (disabled RPC service) via a malformed packet to the RPC Endpoint Mapper at TCP port 135, which triggers a null pointer dereference.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in thttpd, when using virtual hosting, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in the Host: header.
      stunnel 4.0.3 and earlier allows attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via SIGCHLD signal handler race conditions that cause an inconsistency in the child counter.
      Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to steal potentially sensitive information from cookies via a cookie that contains script which is executed when a page is loaded, aka the "Script within Cookies Reading Cookies" vulnerability.
      Buffer overflow in url_filename function for wget 1.8.1 allows attackers to cause a denial of service (segmentation fault) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long URL.
      netris 0.5, and possibly other versions before 0.52, when running with the -w (wait) option, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long string to port 9284.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Apache Tomcat 4.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script and steal cookies via a URL with encoded newlines followed by a request to a .jsp file whose name contains the script.
      OpenSSL 0.9.6e uses assertions when detecting buffer overflow attacks instead of less severe mechanisms, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain messages that cause OpenSSL to abort from a failed assertion, as demonstrated using SSLv2 CLIENT_MASTER_KEY messages, which are not properly handled in s2_srvr.c.
      gv 3.5.8, and possibly earlier versions, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the filename for (1) a PDF file or (2) a gzip file.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in snmpnetstat for ucd-snmp 4.2.3 and earlier, and net-snmp, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via multiple getnextrequest PDU messages with conflicting ifindex variables, which cause snmpnetstat to write variable data past the end of an array.
      The linux 2.4 kernel before 2.4.19 assumes that the fninit instruction clears all registers, which could lead to an information leak on processors that do not clear all relevant SSE registers.
      Signed integer overflow in the bttv_read function in the bttv driver (bttv-driver.c) in Linux kernel before 2.4.20 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
      Unspecified vulnerability in the pcilynx ieee1394 firewire driver (pcilynx.c) in Linux kernel before 2.4.20 has unknown impact and attack vectors, related to "wrap handling."
      Buffer overflow in the ixj telephony card driver in Linux before 2.4.20 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
      cgiemail allows remote attackers to use cgiemail as a spam proxy via CRLF injection of encoded newline (%0a) characters in parameters such as "required-subject," which can be used to modify the CC, BCC, and other header fields in the generated email message.
      lserver in SAP DB 7.3 and earlier uses the current working directory to find and execute the lserversrv program, which allows local users to gain privileges with a malicious lserversrv that is called from a directory that has a symlink to the lserver program.
      SAP R/3 2.0B to 4.6D installs several clients with default users and passwords, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges via the (1) SAP*, (2) SAPCPIC, (3) DDIC, (4) EARLYWATCH, or (5) TMSADM accounts.
      The default installation of SAP R/3, when using Oracle and SQL*net V2 3.x, 4.x, and 6.10, allows remote attackers to obtain arbitrary, sensitive SAP data by directly connecting to the Oracle database and executing queries against the database, which is not password-protected.
      SAP GUI (Sapgui) 4.6D allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a connection to a high-numbered port, which generates an "unknown connection data" error.
      Integer overflow in imapparse.c for Cyrus IMAP server 1.4 and 2.1.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a large length value that facilitates a buffer overflow attack, a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-1347.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in nph-mr.cgi in Mailreader.com 2.3.20 through 2.3.31 allows remote attackers to view arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences and a null byte (%00) in the configLanguage parameter.
      compose.cgi in Mailreader.com 2.3.30 and 2.3.31, when using Sendmail as the Mail Transfer Agent, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the RealEmail configuration variable, which is used to call Sendmail in network.cgi.
      Buffer overflow in sqllib/security/db2ckpw for IBM DB2 Universal Database 6.0 and 7.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long username that is read from a file descriptor argument.
      Unknown vulnerability in the AUTH_DES authentication for RPC in Solaris 2.5.1, 2.6, and 7, SGI IRIX 6.5 to 6.5.19f, and possibly other platforms, allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 8 for Intel and Solaris 8 and 9 for SPARC allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via certain packets that cause some network interfaces to stop responding to TCP traffic.
      Solaris 2.5.1 through 9 allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) by setting the sd_struiowrq variable in the struioget function to null, which triggers a null dereference.
      The libthread library (libthread.so.1) for Solaris 2.5.1 through 8 allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang) of an application that uses libthread by causing the application to wait for a certain mutex.
      Mailtool for OpenWindows 3.6, 3.6.1, and 3.6.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (mailtool segmentation violation and crash) via a malformed mail attachment.
      Unknown vulnerability in Solaris 8, when the 0x02 bit (aka TEST, KMF_DEADBEEF, or deadbeef) is set in the kmem_flags kernel parameter, allows local users to cause a denial of service (system panic).
      The Web-Based Enterprise Management (WBEM) packages (1) SUNWwbdoc, (2) SUNWwbcou, (3) SUNWwbdev and (4) SUNWmgapp packages, when installed using Solaris 8 Update 1/01 or later, install files with world or group write permissions, which allows local users to gain root privileges or cause a denial of service.
      AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.7.2480 adds free.aol.com to the Trusted Sites Zone in Internet Explorer without user approval, which could allow code from free.aol.com to bypass intended access restrictions.
      The ap_log_rerror function in Apache 2.0 through 2.035, when a CGI application encounters an error, sends error messages to the client that include the full path for the server, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      Upgrade to newest Apache version.
      mod_dav in Apache before 2.0.42 does not properly handle versioning hooks, which may allow remote attackers to kill a child process via a null dereference and cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) in a preforked multi-processing module.
      The vendor has addressed this issue in version v2.0.42.
      Buffer overflow in (1) grpck and (2) pwck, if installed setuid on a system as recommended in some AIX documentation, may allow local users to gain privileges via a long command line argument.
      Cisco SN 5420 Storage Router 1.1(5) and earlier allows attackers to read configuration files without authorization.
      Cisco SN 5420 Storage Router 1.1(5) and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (router crash) via an HTTP request with large headers.
      Cisco SN 5420 Storage Router 1.1(5) and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (halt) via a fragmented packet to the Gigabit interface.
      Buffer overflows in Computer Associates MLink (CA-MLink) 6.5 and earlier may allow local users to execute arbitrary code via long command line arguments to (1) mlclear or (2) mllock.
      DansGuardian before 2.4.5-1 allows remote attackers to bypass content filtering rules via hex-encoded URLs.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Mike Spice's My Classifieds (classifieds.cgi) before 1.3 allows remote attackers to overwrite arbitrary files via the category parameter.
      The Connectables feature in Adobe PhotoDeluxe 3.1 prepends the Adobe directory to the CLASSPATH environment variable, which allows applets to run with higher privileges and remote attackers to gain privileges via an HTML e-mail message or a web page.
      Buffer overflow in the Braille module for GNU screen 3.9.11, when HAVE_BRAILLE is defined, allows local users to execute arbitrary code.
      GoAhead Web Server 2.1.7 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain the source code of ASP files via a URL terminated with a /, \, %2f (encoded /), %20 (encoded space), or %00 (encoded null) character, which returns the ASP source code unparsed.
      Multiple buffer overflows in HP Tru64 UNIX allow local and possibly remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long NLSPATH environment variable to (1) csh, (2) dtsession, (3) dxsysinfo, (4) imapd, (5) inc, (6) uucp, (7) uux, (8) rdist, or (9) deliver.
      Buffer overflow in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long _XKB_CHARSET environment variable to (1) dxpause, (2) dxconsole, or (3) dtsession.
      Multiple buffer overflows in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allow local users to gain privileges via (1) lpc, (2) lpd, (3) lpq, (4) lpr, or (5) lprm.
      Buffer overflow in ypmatch in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in traceroute in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in binmail in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to gain privileges.
      Unknown vulnerability in ping in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to cause a denial of service.
      Buffer overflow in quot in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in mailcv in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in ps in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allows local users to gain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in HP Tru64 UNIX allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to /usr/bin/at.
      Multiple buffer overflows in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allow local users to execute arbitrary code via (1) msgchk or (2) .upd..loader.
      Multiple buffer overflows in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.1a, 5.1, 5.0a, 4.0g, and 4.0f allow local users to gain root privileges via (1) su, (2) chsh, (3) passwd, (4) chfn, (5) dxchpwd, and (6) libc.
      Multiple buffer overflows in HP Tru64 UNIX 5.x allow local users to execute arbitrary code via (1) a long -contextDir argument to dtaction, (2) a long -p argument to dtprintinfo, (3) a long -customization argument to dxterm, or (4) a long DISPLAY environment variable to dtterm.
      JFS (JFS3.1 and OnlineJFS) in HP-UX 10.20, 11.00, and 11.04 does not properly implement the sticky bit functionality, which could allow attackers to bypass intended restrictions on filesystems.
      Buffer overflow in the FC client for IBM AIX 4.3.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash and core dump).
      Unknown vulnerability in IBM AIX Parallel Systems Support Programs (PSSP) 3.1.1, 3.2, and 3.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files from a file collection.
      Buffer overflow in the file_comp function in rcp for IBM AIX 4.3.x and 5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      Buffer overflow in certain RPC routines in IBM AIX 4.3 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code, related to a "variable data type."
      The design of the Internet Key Exchange (IKE) protocol, when using Aggressive Mode for shared secret authentication, does not encrypt initiator or responder identities during negotiation, which may allow remote attackers to determine valid usernames by (1) monitoring responses before the password is supplied or (2) sniffing, as originally reported for FireWall-1 SecuRemote.
      Buffer overflow in Lotus Domino web server before R5.0.10, when logging to DOMLOG.NSF, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP Authenticate header containing certain non-ASCII characters.
      Macromedia Flash Player 6 does not terminate connections when the user leaves the web page, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (bandwidth, resource, and CPU consumption) via the (1) loadMovie or (2) loadSound commands, which continue to execute until the browser is closed.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Mike Spice My Calendar before 1.5 allows remote attackers to write arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in a URL.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in quiz.cgi for Mike Spice Quiz Me! before 0.6 allows remote attackers to write arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in the quiz parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in vote.cgi for Mike Spice Mike's Vote CGI before 1.3 allows remote attackers to write arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences in the type parameter.
      Multi-Tech ProxyServer products MTPSR1-100, MTPSR1-120, MTPSR1-202ST, MTPSR2-201, and MTPSR3-200 ship with a null password, which allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges via Telnet or HTTP.
      The sendmail.jsp sample page in Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) allows remote attackers to send arbitrary emails.
      SQL injection vulnerability in the query.xsql sample page in Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the sql parameter.
      Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) installs multiple sample pages that allow remote attackers to obtain environment variables and other sensitive information via (1) info.jsp, (2) printenv, (3) echo, or (4) echo2.
      Multiple buffer overflows in QNX 4.25 may allow local users to execute arbitrary code via long command line arguments to (1) sample, (2) ex, (3) du, (4) find, (5) lex, (6) mkdir, (7) rm, (8) serserv, (9) tcpserv, (10) termdef, (11) time, (12) unzip, (13) use, (14) wcc, (15) wcc386, (16) wd, (17) wdisasm, (18) which, (19) wlib, (20) wlink, (21) wpp, (22) wpp386, (23) wprof, (24) write, or (25) wstrip.
      Novell NetWare 5.1 installs sample applications that allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via (1) ndsobj.nlm, (2) allfield.jse, (3) websinfo.bas, (4) ndslogin.pl, (5) volscgi.pl, (6) lancgi.pl, (7) test.jse, or (8) env.pl.
      The Apache configuration file (httpd.conf) in Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) uses a Location alias for /perl directory instead of a ScriptAlias, which allows remote attackers to read the source code of arbitrary CGI files via a URL containing the /perl directory instead of /cgi-bin.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the htp PL/SQL package for Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the cbuf parameter to htp.print.
      Multiple components in Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) are installed with over 160 default usernames and passwords, including (1) SYS, (2) SYSTEM, (3) AQJAVA, (4) OWA, (5) IMAGEUSER, (6) USER1, (7) USER2, (8) PLSQL, (9) DEMO, (10) FINANCE, and many others, which allows attackers to gain privileges.
      Oracle Configurator before 11.5.7.17.32 and 11.5.6.16.53 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a request to the oracle.apps.cz.servlet.UiServlet servlet with the test parameter set to "version" or "host".
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Oracle Configurator before 11.5.7.17.32 and 11.5.6.16.53 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) Text Features in the DHTML UI or (2) the test parameter to the oracle.apps.cz.servlet.UiServlet servlet.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Oracle Web Cache for Oracle 9i Application Server (9iAS) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via unknown vectors.
      PostgreSQL 7.2.1 and 7.2.2 allows local users to delete transaction log (pg_clog) data and cause a denial of service (data loss) via the VACUUM command.
      Multiple buffer overflows in RealNetworks Helix Universal Server 9.0 (9.0.2.768) allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) a long Transport field in a SETUP RTSP request, (2) a DESCRIBE RTSP request with a long URL argument, or (3) two simultaneous HTTP GET requests with long arguments.
      SSH Secure Shell for Servers and SSH Secure Shell for Workstations 2.0.13 through 3.2.1, when running without a PTY, does not call setsid to remove the child process from the process group of the parent process, which allows attackers to gain certain privileges.
      Buffer overflow in the URL catcher feature for SSH Secure Shell for Workstations client 3.1 to 3.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long URL.
      SSH Secure Shell Windows client versions 3.1.5 and 3.2.2 the URL handling mechanism has been fixed so that the maximum URL length is checked and enforced.
      SSH Secure Shell for Servers 3.0.0 to 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to override the AllowedAuthentications configuration and use less secure authentication schemes (e.g. password) than configured for the server.
      The quick login feature in Slash Slashcode does not redirect the user to an alternate URL when the wrong password is provided, which makes it easier for remote web sites to guess the proper passwords by reading the username and password from the Referrer URL.
      Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in compose.php in SquirrelMail before 1.2.3 allows remote attackers to send email as other users via an IMG URL with modified send_to and subject parameters.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in read_body.php in SquirrelMail before 1.2.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript via a javascript: URL in an IMG tag.
      The spell checker plugin (check_me.mod.php) for SquirrelMail before 1.2.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a modified sqspell_command parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Verity Search97 allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary web content and steal sensitive information from other clients, possibly due to certain error messages from template pages that use the (1) vformat or (2) vfilter functions.
      Buffer overflow in cgicso.c for cgiemail 1.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long query parameter.
      Farm9 Cryptcat, when started in server mode with the -e option, does not enable encryption, which allows clients to communicate without encryption despite intended configuration, and may allow remote attackers to sniff sensitive information.
      iPlanet Web Server Enterprise Edition and Netscape Enterprise Server 4.0 and 4.1 allows remote attackers to conduct HTTP Basic Authentication via the wp-force-auth Web Publisher command, which provides a distinct attack vector and may make it easier to conduct brute force password guessing without detection.
      The Web Publishing feature in Netscape Enterprise Server 3.x and iPlanet Web Server 4.x allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a wp-html-rend request.
      X-News (x_news) 1.1 and earlier allows attackers to authenticate as other users by obtaining the MD5 checksum of the password, e.g. via sniffing or the users.txt data file, and providing it in a cookie.
      PostgreSQL uses the username for a salt when generating passwords, which makes it easier for remote attackers to guess passwords via a brute force attack.
      Buffer overflow in htdigest in Apache 1.3.26 and 1.3.27 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long user argument.  NOTE: since htdigest is normally only locally accessible and not setuid or setgid, there are few attack vectors which would lead to an escalation of privileges, unless htdigest is executed from a CGI program. Therefore this may not be a vulnerability.
      user_profile.asp in PortalApp 2.2 allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the user_id variable.
      calendar.php in vBulletin before 2.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the command parameter.
      The leafnode server in leafnode 1.9.20 to 1.9.29 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop) when leafnode requests a cross-posted article to one group whose name is a prefix of another group.
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Mambo Site Server 4.0.11 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary script on other clients via (1) search.php and (2) the "Your name" field during account registration.
      The Post_Method function in method.c for Monkey HTTP Daemon before 0.5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a POST request with an invalid or missing Content-Length header value.
      Yahoo! Messenger before February 2002 allows remote attackers to add arbitrary users to another user's buddy list and possibly obtain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflow in Yahoo! Messenger before February 2002 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long set_buddygrp field.
      Unknown vulnerability in Oracle E-Business Suite 11i.1 through 11i.6 allows remote attackers to execute unauthorized PL/SQL procedures by modifying the Oracle Applications URL.
      The virtual memory management system in FreeBSD 4.5-RELEASE and earlier does not properly check the existence of a VM object during page invalidation, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by calling msync on an unaccessed memory map created with MAP_ANON and MAP_NOSYNC flags.
      HP-UX 11.11 and earlier allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel deadlock), due to a "file system weakness" that is possibly via an mmap() system call and performing an I/O operation using data from the mapped buffer on the file descriptor for the mapped file.
      pkg_add in FreeBSD 4.2 through 4.4 creates a temporary directory with world-searchable permissions, which may allow local users to modify world-writable parts of the package during installation.
      Microsoft Windows XP Professional upgrade edition overwrites previously installed patches for Internet Explorer 6.0, leaving Internet Explorer unpatched.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0, 5.01, and 5.5 allows remote attackers to monitor the contents of the clipboard via the getData method of the clipboardData object.
      Webmin 0.92, when installed from an RPM, creates /var/webmin with insecure permissions (world readable), which could allow local users to read the root user's cookie-based authentication credentials and possibly hijack the root user's session using the credentials.
      The web interface for Webmin 0.92 does not properly quote or filter script code in files that are displayed to the interface, which allows local users to execute script and possibly steal cookies by inserting the script into certain files or fields, such as a real user name entry in the passwd file.
      procfs on FreeBSD before 4.5 allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) by removing a file that the fstatfs function refers to.
      Format string vulnerability in the Cio_PrintF function of cio_main.c in Unreal IRCd 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers.
      BindView NetInventory 1.0, when used with NetRC 1.0, allows local users to read sensitive information (passwords) by deleting the HOSTCFG._NI file and forcing an audit, which rewrites the HOSTCFG._NI to HOSTCFG.INI and stores the passwords in cleartext until the audit is complete.
      14all.cgi 1.1p15 in mrtgconfig allows remote attackers to determine the physical path to the web root directory via a request with an invalid cfg parameter, which generates an error message that reveals the path.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in memberlist.php in Jelsoft vBulletin 2.0 rc 2 through 2.2.4 allows remote attackers to steal authentication credentials by injecting script into $letterbits.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Jelsoft vBulletin 2.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users by injecting script into a bulletin board message.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in CGI Online Worldweb Shopping 1.1 (a.k.a. COWS) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users by injecting script into (1) diagnose.cgi or (2) compatible.cgi.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Slashcode CVS releases June 17 through July 1 2002 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users by injecting script into the paragraph <P> tag.
      NewsReactor 1.0 uses a weak encryption scheme, which could allow local users to decrypt the passwords and gain access to other users' newsgroup accounts.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in BadBlue Personal Edition 1.7.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users by injecting script into the cleanSearchString() function.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in (1) Deerfield D2Gfx 1.0.2 or (2) BadBlue Enterprise Edition 1.5.x and BadBlue Personal Edition 1.5.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ../ (dot dot slash) in the script used to read Microsoft Office documents.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in BadBlue Enterprise Edition and Personal Edition 1.7 and 1.7.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users by injecting script into ext.dll ISAPI.
      Buffer overflow in lscfg of unknown versions of AIX has unknown impact.
      Buffer overflow in the diagnostics library in AIX allows local users to "cause data and instructions to be overwritten" via a long DIAGNOSTICS environment variable.
      The browser history feature in Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 through 6.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users and steal authentication information via cookies by injecting JavaScript into the URL, which is executed when the user hits the Back button.
      Unknown vulnerability in the login program on AIX before 4.0 could allow remote users to specify 100 or more environment variables when logging on, which exceeds the length of a certain string, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      Unknown vulnerability in AIX before 4.0 with unknown attack vectors and unknown impact, aka "security issue," as fixed by APAR IY28225.
      Alcatel OmniPCX 4400 installs known user accounts and passwords in the /etc/password file by default, which allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access.
      Buffer overflow in backup utility of Microsoft Windows 95 allows attackers to execute arbitrary code by causing a filename with a long extension to be placed in a folder to be backed up.
      Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) 4.0 opens log files with FILE_SHARE_READ and FILE_SHARE_WRITE permissions, which could allow remote attackers to modify the log file contents while IIS is running.
      Norton Internet Security 2001 opens log files with FILE_SHARE_READ and FILE_SHARE_WRITE permissions, which could allow remote attackers to modify the log file contents while Norton Internet Security is running.
      Microsoft Outlook plug-in PGP version 7.0, 7.0.3, and 7.0.4 silently saves a decrypted copy of a message to hard disk when "Automatically decrypt/verify when opening messages" option is checked, "Always use Secure Viewer when decrypting" option is not checked, and the user replies to an encrypted message.
      Electronic Code Book (ECB) mode in VTun 2.0 through 2.5 uses a weak encryption algorithm that produces the same ciphertext from the same plaintext blocks, which could allow remote attackers to gain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft MSN Messenger Service 1.0 through 4.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long FN (font) argument in the message header.
      SQL injection vulnerability in ASP Client Check (ASPCC) 1.3 and 1.5 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain unauthorized access via the password field.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in the missing template handler in Macromedia ColdFusion MX allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users by injecting script into the HTTP request for the name of a template, which is not filtered in the resulting 404 error message.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in DeltaScripts PHP Classifieds 6.0.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via the URL parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in auction.cgi for Mewsoft NetAuction 3.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via the Term parameter.
      Zeroboard 4.1, when the "allow_url_fopen" and "register_globals" variables are enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by modifying the _zb_path parameter to reference a URL on a remote web server that contains the code.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.5 through 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a Cascading Style Sheet (CSS) with the p{cssText} element declared and a bold font weight.
      Cisco IOS software 11.3 through 12.2 running on Cisco uBR7200 and uBR7100 series Universal Broadband Routers allows remote attackers to modify Data Over Cable Service Interface Specification (DOCSIS) settings via a DOCSIS file without a Message Integrity Check (MIC) signature, which is approved by the router.
      install.php in phpBB 2.0 through 2.0.1, when "allow_url_fopen" and "register_globals" variables are set to "on", allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by modifying the phpbb_root_dir parameter to reference a URL on a remote web server that contains the code.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in BasiliX Webmail 1.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users by injecting script into the (1) subject or (2) message fields.
      SQL injection vulnerability in BasiliX Webmail 1.10 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information or possibly modify data via the id variable.
      The attachment capability in Compose Mail in BasiliX Webmail 1.1.0 does not check whether the attachment was uploaded by the user or came from a HTTP POST, which could allow local users to steal sensitive information like a password file.
      BasiliX 1.1.0 saves attachments in a world readable /tmp/BasiliX directory, which allows local users to read other users' attachments.
      Microsoft Windows 2000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) by sending a flood of empty TCP/IP packets with the ACK and FIN bits set to the NetBIOS port (TCP/139), as demonstrated by stream3.
      The Standard security setting for Mandrake-Security package (msec) in Mandrake 8.2 installs home directories with world-readable permissions, which could allow local users to read other user's files.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 through 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an object of type "text/html" with the DATA field that identifies the HTML document that contains the object, which may cause infinite recursion.
      SSH 1 through 3, and possibly other versions, allows local users to bypass restricted shells such as rbash or rksh by uploading a script to a world-writeable directory, then executing that script to gain normal shell access.
      The Host() function in the Microsoft spreadsheet component on Microsoft Office XP allows remote attackers to create arbitrary files using the SaveAs capability.
      Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) 5.1 allows remote attackers to view path information via a GET request to (1) /_vti_pvt/access.cnf, (2) /_vti_pvt/botinfs.cnf, (3) /_vti_pvt/bots.cnf, or (4) /_vti_pvt/linkinfo.cnf.
      Microsoft Internet Information Server (IIS) 5.1 may allow remote attackers to view the contents of a Frontpage Server Extension (FPSE) file, as claimed using an HTTP request for colegal.htm that contains .. (dot dot) sequences.
      Unknown vulnerability in Bavo 0.3 allows remote attackers to modify posted messages.
      SQL injection vulnerability in Spooky Login 2.0 through 2.5 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and gain privileges via the password field.
      Off-by-one error in alterMIME 0.1.10 and 0.1.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an x-header that causes snprintf overwrite the FFGET_FILE variable with a (null) byte.
      Logitech iTouch keyboards allows attackers with physical access to the system to bypass the screen locking function and execute user-defined commands that have been assigned to a button.
      Powerboards 2.2b allows remote attackers to view the full path to the backend database by sending a cookie containing a non-existent username to profiles.php, which displays the full path in the error message.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in phpimageview.php for PHPImageView 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via the pic parameter.
      phpimageview.php in PHPImageView 1.0 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via the pw=show option, which invokes the phpinfo function.
      secure_inc.php in PhotoDB 1.4 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication via a URL with a large Time parameter, non-empty rmtusername and rmtpassword parameter, and an accesslevel parameter that is lower than the access level of the requested page.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in (1) as_web.exe and (2) as_web4.exe in askSam Web Publisher 1 and 4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via a URL.
      askSam Web Publisher 1.0 and 4.0 allows remote attackers to determine the full path to the web root directory via a request for a file that does not exist, which generates an error message that reveals the full path.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in ASPjar Guestbook 1.00 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary script as other users via the "web site" parameter in a guestbook message.
      ASPjar Guestbook 1.00 allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary messages accessing the delete.asp administrative script with certain cookie values set to "true".
      The System Request menu in IBM AS/400 allows local users to list valid user accounts by viewing the object names that are type USRPRF.
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in Actinic Catalog 4.7.0 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the query string argument to certain .pl files, (2) the REFPAGE parameter to ca000007.pl, (3) PRODREF parameter to ss000007.pl, or (4) hop parameter to ca000001.pl.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the web-based message board in Prospero Technologies allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a message board post.
      NewsPro 1.01 allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized administrator access by setting their authentication cookie to "logged,true".
      Buffer overflow in dlogin 1.0a could allow local users to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
      Unknown vulnerability in CGINews before 1.06 allow remote attackers to read arbitrary files via "unfiltered user input."
      Astaro Security Linux 2.016 creates world-writable files and directories, which allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files.
      Alt-N Technologies MDaemon 5.0.5.0 and earlier creates a default MDaemon mail account with a password of MServer, which could allow remote attackers to send anonymous email.
      Alt-N Technologies Mdaemon 5.0 through 5.0.6 uses a weak encryption algorithm to store user passwords, which allows local users to crack passwords.
      Buffer overflow in WorldClient.cgi in WorldClient in Alt-N Technologies MDaemon 5.0.5.0 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long folder name (NewFolder parameter).
      Directory traversal vulnerability in WorldClient.cgi in WorldClient for Alt-N Technologies MDaemon 5.0.5.0 and earlier allows local users to delete arbitrary files via a ".." (dot dot) in the Attachments parameter.
      SOAP::Lite 0.50 through 0.52 allows remote attackers to load arbitrary Perl functions by suppling a non-existent function in a script using a SOAP::Lite module, which causes the AUTOLOAD subroutine to trigger.
      AOL ICQ 2002a Build 3722 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed .hpf file.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in CodeBrws.asp in Microsoft IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to view source code and determine the existence of arbitrary files via a hex-encoded "%c0%ae%c0%ae" string, which is the Unicode representation for ".." (dot dot).
      Off-by-one error in the CodeBrws.asp sample script in Microsoft IIS 5.0 allows remote attackers to view the source code for files with extensions containing with one additional character after .html, .htm, .asp, or .inc, such as .aspx files.
      Vtun 2.5b1 allows remote attackers to inject data into user sessions by sniffing and replaying packets.
      Vtun 2.5b1 does not authenticate forwarded packets, which allows remote attackers to inject data into user sessions without detection, and possibly control the data contents via cut-and-paste attacks on ECB.
      Unknown vulnerability in Slash 2.1.x and 2.2 through 2.2.2, as used in Slashcode, allows remote authenticated users to gain access to arbitrary accounts.
      Windows 2000 Terminal Services, when using the disconnect feature of the client, does not properly lock itself if it is left idle until the screen saver activates and the user disconnects, which could allow attackers to gain administrator privileges.
      csGuestbook.cgi in CGISCRIPT.NET csGuestbook 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Perl code via the setup parameter, which is processed by the Perl eval function.
      csLiveSupport.cgi in CGIScript.net csLiveSupport allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Perl code via the setup parameter, which is processed by the Perl eval function.
      csChatRBox.cgi in CGIScript.net csChat-R-Box allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Perl code via the setup parameter, which is processed by the Perl eval function.
      csNewsPro.cgi in CGIScript.net csNews Professional (csNewsPro) allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Perl code via the setup parameter, which is processed by the Perl eval function.
      Buffer overflow in Novell NetWare Client 4.80 through 4.83 allows local users to cause a denial of service (crash) by using ping, traceroute, or a similar utility to force the client to resolve a large hostname.
      tinc 1.0pre3 and 1.0pre4 VPN does not authenticate forwarded packets, which allows remote attackers to inject data into user sessions without detection, and possibly control the data contents via cut-and-paste attacks on CBC.
      ACDSee 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an .ais file with a long file description field, which is not properly handled when the file properties of the file are viewed.
      PHProjekt 2.0 through 3.1 relies on the $PHP_SELF variable for authentication, which allows remote attackers to bypass authentication for scripts via a request to a .php file with "sms" in the URL, which is included in the PATH_INFO portion of the $PHP_SELF variable, as demonstrated using "mail_send.php/sms".
      PHProjekt 2.0 through 3.1 allows remote attackers to view or modify data via requests to certain scripts that do not verify if the user is logged in.
      The upload function in PHProjekt 2.0 through 3.1 does not properly verify certain variables related to uploaded data, which allows remote attackers to cause PHProjekt to process arbitrary files.
      Multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in PHProjekt 2.0 through 3.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the unknown attack vectors.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in PHProjekt 2.0 through 3.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences.
      Microsoft Baseline Security Analyzer (MBSA) 1.0 stores security scans in a known location C:\Documents and Settings\username\SecurityScans in plaintext, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information about the system via malicious active content such as ActiveX controls or Java.
      The dtscreen Sun Solaris 8 CDE screensaver crashes when the "Shift" and "Return" keys are pressed repeatedly and quickly, which allows local users to access the current session.
      acroread in Adobe Acrobat Reader 4.05 on Linux allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Evolution 1.0.3 and 1.0.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and crash) via an email with a malformed MIME header.
      Buffer overflow in Composer in Netscape 4.77 allows local users to overwrite process memory and execute arbitrary code via a font tag with a long face attribute.
      Buffer overflow in tnslsnr of Oracle 8i Database Server 8.1.5 for Linux allows local users to execute arbitrary code as the oracle user via a long command line argument.
      Cisco IOS 11.1 through 12.2, when HSRP support is not enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via randomly sized UDP packets to the Hot Standby Routing Protocol (HSRP) port 1985.
      Microsoft Site Server 3.0 prior to SP4 installs a default user, LDAP_Anonymous, with a default password of LdapPassword_1, which allows remote attackers the "Log on locally" privilege.
      Qualcomm Eudora 5.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an HTML e-mail message that uses a file:// URL in a t:video tag to reference an attached Windows Media Player file containing JavaScript code, which is launched and executed in the My Computer zone by Internet Explorer.
      Matt Wright FormMail 1.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to send spam or anonymous e-mail by injecting a newline character followed by CC:, BCC:, or additional TO: fields in the email and realname CGI variables.
      Novell Netware 5.0 through 5.1 may allow local users to gain "Domain Admin" rights by logging into a Novell Directory Services (NDS) account, and executing "net use" on an NDS_ADM account that is not in the NT domain but has domain access rights, which allows the user to enter a null password.
      Buffer overflow in ICQ 2.6x for MacOS X 10.0 through 10.1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long request.
      ** DISPUTED ** NOTE: this issue has been disputed by the vendor. Symantec Norton AntiVirus 2002 allows remote attackers to send viruses that bypass the e-mail scanning via a NULL character in the MIME header before the virus.  NOTE: the vendor has disputed this issue, acknowledging that the initial scan is bypassed, but the AutoProtect feature would detect the virus before it is executed.
      ** DISPUTED ** NOTE: this issue has been disputed by the vendor. Symantec Norton AntiVirus (NAV) 2002 allows remote attackers to bypass the initial virus scan and cause NAV to prematurely stop scanning by using a non-RFC compliant MIME header.  NOTE: the vendor has disputed this issue, acknowledging that the initial scan is bypassed, but the AutoProtect feature would detect the virus before it is executed.
      ** DISPUTED ** NOTE: this issue has been disputed by the vendor. Symantec Norton AntiVirus 2002 allows remote attackers to bypass virus protection via a Word Macro virus with a .nch or .dbx extension, which is automatically recognized and executed as a Microsoft Office document.  NOTE: the vendor has disputed this issue, acknowledging that the initial scan is bypassed, but the Office plug-in would detect the virus before it is executed.
      ** DISPUTED ** NOTE: this issue has been disputed by the vendor. Symantec Norton AntiVirus (NAV) 2002 allows remote attackers to bypass e-mail scanning via a filename in the Content-Type field with an excluded extension such as .nch or .dbx, but a malicious extension in the Content-Disposition field, which is used by Outlook to obtain the file name.  NOTE: the vendor has disputed this issue, acknowledging that the initial scan is bypassed, but Norton AntiVirus or the Office plug-in would detect the virus before it is executed.
      Symantec Norton Personal Firewall 2002 allows remote attackers to bypass the portscan protection by using a (1) SYN/FIN, (2) SYN/FIN/URG, (3) SYN/FIN/PUSH, or (4) SYN/FIN/URG/PUSH scan.
      The "block fragmented IP Packets" option in Symantec Norton Personal Firewall 2002 (NPW) does not properly protect against certain attacks on Windows vulnerabilities such as jolt2 (CVE-2000-0305).
      BPM Studio Pro 4.2 by ALCATech GmbH includes a webserver that allows a remote attacker to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending a URL request for a MS-DOS device such as con.  NOTE: it has been disputed that this and possibly other application-level DOS device issues stem from a bug in Windows, and as such, such applications should not be considered vulnerable themselves.
      Multiple buffer overflows in DeleGate 7.7.0 through 7.8.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code, as demonstrated using a long USER command to the POP proxy.
      The default configuration of University of Washington IMAP daemon (wu-imapd), when running on a system that does not allow shell access, allows a local user with a valid IMAP account to read arbitrary files as that user.
      CRLF injection vulnerability in PHP 4.2.1 through 4.2.3, when allow_url_fopen is enabled, allows remote attackers to modify HTTP headers for outgoing requests by causing CRLF sequences to be injected into arguments that are passed to the (1) fopen or (2) file functions.
      Unknown vulnerability in inetd in HP Tru64 Unix 4.0f through 5.1a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Zeus Administration Server in Zeus Web Server 4.0 through 4.1r2 allows remote authenticated users to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the section parameter to index.fcgi.
      SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.14 applies a umask of 022 to root core dumps, which allows local users to read the core dumps and possibly obtain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflow in uux in eoe.sw.uucp package of SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.17 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
      Format string vulnerability in the nn_exitmsg function in nn 6.6.0 through 6.6.3 allows remote NNTP servers to execute arbitrary code via format strings in server responses.
      Format string vulnerability in newsx NNTP client before 1.4.8 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via format string specifiers that are not properly handled in a call to the syslog function.
      The SMTP service in Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) 4.0 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to bypass anti-relaying rules and send spam or spoofed messages via encapsulated SMTP addresses, a similar vulnerability to CVE-1999-0682.
      SGI IRIX 6.5 through 6.5.17 creates temporary desktop files with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to overwrite or corrupt those files.
      Buffer overflow in Fake Identd 0.9 through 1.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code as root via a long request that is split into multiple packets.
      HTTP Server mod_ssl module running on HP-UX 11.04 with Virtualvault OS (VVOS) 4.5 through 4.6 closes the connection when the Apache server times out during an SSL request, which may allow attackers to cause a denial of service.
      Unknown vulnerability in pam_authz in the LDAP-UX Integration product on HP-UX 11.00 and 11.11 allows remote attackers to execute r-commands with privileges of other users.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in connect.asp in Microsoft Terminal Services Advanced Client (TSAC) ActiveX control allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via unknown vectors.
      ChaiVM EZloader for HP color LaserJet 4500 and 4550 and HP LaserJet 4100 and 8150 does not properly verify JAR signatures for new services, which allows local users to load unauthorized Chai services.
      ChaiVM for HP color LaserJet 4500 and 4550 or HP LaserJet 4100 and 8150 does not properly enforce access control restrictions, which could allow local users to add, delete, or modify any services hosted by the ChaiServer.
      MidiCart PHP, PHP Plus, and PHP Maxi allows remote attackers to (1) upload arbitrary php files via a direct request to admin/upload.php or (2) access sensitive information via a direct request to admin/credit_card_info.php.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phpRank 1.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) email parameter to add.php or (2) banurl parameter.
      phpRank 1.8 stores the administrative password in plaintext on the server and in the "ap" cookie, which allows remote attackers to retrieve the administrative password.
      ImageFolio 2.23 through 2.27 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information via a nonexistent image category, which leaks the web root in the resulting error message.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Xoops 1.0 RC3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in an IMG tag when submitting news.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHP-Nuke 6.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in NPDS 4.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in DaCode 1.2.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Drupal 4.0.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phpWebSite 0.8.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in an IMG tag.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Meunity Community System 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in an IMG tag when creating a topic.
      The default configuration of the Windows binary release of MySQL 3.23.2 through 3.23.52 has a NULL root password, which could allow remote attackers to gain unauthorized root access to the MySQL database.
      D-Link DWL-900AP+ Access Point 2.1 and 2.2 allows remote attackers to access the TFTP server without authentication and read the config.img file, which contains sensitive information such as the administrative password, the WEP encryption keys, and network configuration information.
      Belkin F5D6130 Wireless Network Access Point running firmware AP14G8 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (connection loss) by sending several SNMP GetNextRequest requests.
      Buffer overflow in gdam123 0.933 and 0.942 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long filename parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.8.2790 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary programs by specifying the program in the href attribute of a link.
      Buffer overflow in efstools in Bonobo, when installed setuid, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via long command line arguments.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in source.php and source.cgi in Aquonics File Manager 1.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ..  (dot dot) in the URL.
      Off-by-one buffer overflow in the sock_gets function in sockhelp.c for ATPhttpd 0.4b and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      Unknown vulnerability in Veritas Cluster Server (VCS) 1.2 for WindowsNT, Cluster Server 1.3.0 for Solaris, and Cluster Server 1.3.1 for HP-UX allows attackers to gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
      ezhttpbench.php in eZ httpbench 1.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a full pathname in the AnalyseSite parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in TinyHTTPD 0.1 .0 allows remote attackers to read or execute arbitrary files via a ".." (dot dot) in the URL.
      register.php in Ultimate PHP Board (UPB) 1.0 and 1.0b uses an administrative account Admin with a capital "A," but allows a remote attacker to impersonate the administrator by registering an account name of admin with a lower case "a."
      Ultimate PHP Board (UPB) 1.0 and 1.0b allows remote authenticated users to gain privileges and perform unauthorized actions via direct requests to (1) admin_members.php, (2) admin_config.php, (3) admin_cat.php, or (4) admin_forum.php.
      IBM HTTP Server 1.0 on AS/400 allows remote attackers to obtain the path to the web root directory and other sensitive information, which is leaked in an error mesage when a request is made for a non-existent Java Server Page (JSP).
      Buffer overflow in the HttpGetRequest function in Zeroo HTTP server 1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP request.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, when handling an expired CA-CERT in a webserver's certificate chain during a SSL/TLS handshake, does not prompt the user before searching for and finding a newer certificate, which may allow attackers to perform a man-in-the-middle attack. NOTE: it is not clear whether this poses a vulnerability.
      Format string vulnerability in PerlRTE_example1.pl in WASD 7.1, 7.2.0 through 7.2.3, and 8.0.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands or crash the server via format strings in the $name variable.
      grsecurity 1.9.4 for Linux kernel 2.4.18 allows local users to bypass read-only permissions by using mmap to directly map /dev/mem or /dev/kmem to kernel memory.
      Sendmail 8.9.0 through 8.12.3 allows local users to cause a denial of service by obtaining an exclusive lock on the (1) alias, (2) map, (3) statistics, and (4) pid files.
      Savant Webserver 3.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP GET request with a negative Content-Length value.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in codeparse.php in Open Bulletin Board (OpenBB) 1.0.0 RC3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) myhome.php, (2) an onerror attribute in an IMG tag (a variant of CVE-2002-0330), or (3) a glow tag.
      Open Bulletin Board (OpenBB) 1.0.0 RC3 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and access modifier options via a direct request to moderator.php with the action and ismod parameters.
      Microsoft MSN Messenger Service 1.0 through 4.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an invite request that contains hex-encoded spaces (%20) in the Invitation-Cookie field.
      Unknown vulnerability in the "ipopts decode" functionality in Firestorm IDS 0.4.0 through 0.4.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via certain IP options.
      The default configurations for DocuTech 6110 and DocuTech 6115 have a default administrative password of (1) "service!" on Solaris 8.0 or (2) "administ" on Windows NT, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      The default configuration of Xerox DocuTech 6110 and DocuTech 6115 allows remote attackers to connect to the web server and (1) submit print jobs directly into the "print now" queue or (2) read the scanner job history.
      The default configuration of Xerox DocuTech 6110 and DocuTech 6115 running Solaris 8.0 has a large number of unnecessary services enabled such as RPC and sprayd, which could allow remote attackers to obtain access to the device.
      The default configuration of Xerox DocuTech 6110 and DocuTech 6115 exports certain NFS shares to the world with world writable permissions, which may allow remote attackers to modify sensitive files.
      The getAlbumToDisplay function in idsShared.pm for Image Display System (IDS) 0.81 allows remote attackers to determine the existence of arbitrary directories via ".." sequences in the album parameter, which generates different error messages depending on whether the directory exists or not.
      Charities.cron 1.0.2 through 1.6.0 allows local users to write to arbitrary files via a symlink attack on temporary files.
      Trend Micro InterScan VirusWall for Windows NT 3.52 does not record the sender's IP address in the headers for a mail message when it is passed from VirusWall to the MTA, which allows remote attackers to hide the origin of the message.
      irssi IRC client 0.8.4, when downloaded after 14-March-2002, could contain a backdoor in the configuration file, which allows remote attackers to access the system.
      The document management module in NOLA 1.1.1 and 1.1.2 does not restrict the types of files that are uploaded, which allows remote attackers to upload and execute arbitrary PHP files with extensions such as .php4.
      Perlbot 1.0 beta allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in (1) a word that is being spell checked or (2) an e-mail address.
      Perlbot 1.9.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in (1) the $text variable in SpelCheck.pm or (2) the $filename variable in HTMLPlog.pm.
      Microsoft Windows Media Player (WMP) 6.3, when installed on Solaris, installs executables with world-writable permissions, which allows local users to delete or modify the executables to gain privileges.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in index.php in Yet Another Bulletin Board (YaBB) 1.40 and 1.41 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the password (passwrd) parameter.
      Yet Another Bulletin Board (YaBB) 1.40 and 1.41 does not require a user to submit the correct password before changing it to a new password, which allows remote attackers to modify passwords by stealing the cookie of another user, modifying the expiretime setting, and submitting the change in a profile2 action to index.php.
      Buffer overflow in mplay32.exe of Microsoft Windows Media Player (WMP) 6.3 through 7.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long mp3 filename command line argument.  NOTE: since the only known attack vector requires command line access, this may not be a vulnerability.
      TightVNC before 1.2.4 running on Windows stores unencrypted passwords in the password text control of the WinVNC Properties dialog, which could allow local users to access passwords.
      ParaChat Server 4.0 does not log users off if the browser's back button is used, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by repeatedly logging into a chat room, hitting the back button, then logging into the same chat room as a different user, which fills the chat room with invalid users.
      mod_cgi in Apache 2.0.39 and 2.0.40 allows local users and possibly remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang and memory consumption) by causing a CGI script to send a large amount of data to stderr, which results in a read/write deadlock between httpd and the CGI script.
      Buffer overflow in WS_FTP Pro 7.5 allows remote attackers to execute code on a client system via unknown attack vectors.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Monkey 0.5.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the URL or (2) a parameter to test2.pl.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in MyNewsGroups 0.4 and 0.4.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the subject of a newsgroup post, which is not properly handled by (1) myarticles.php, (2) search.php, (3) stats.php, or (4) standard.lib.php.
      Rlaj whois CGI script (whois.cgi) 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the domain name field.
      Macromedia JRun 3.0 through 4.0, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
      HP Application Server 8.0, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
      jo! jo Webserver 1.0, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
      Oracle Oracle9i Application Server 1.0.2.2 and 9.0.2 through 9.0.2.0.1, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
      Orion Application Server 1.5.3, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
      Pramati Server 3.0, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
      Sybase Enterprise Application Server 4.0, when running on Windows, allows remote attackers to retrieve files in the WEB-INF directory, which contains Java class files and configuration information, via a request to the WEB-INF directory with a trailing dot ("WEB-INF.").
      SmartMail Server 2.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending data and closing the connection before all the data has been sent.
      Iomega Network Attached Storage (NAS) A300U, and possibly other models, does not allow the FTP service to be disabled, which allows local users to access home directories via FTP even when access to all shared directories have been disabled.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Simple Web Server (SWS) 0.0.4 through 0.1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ".." (dot dot) in an HTTP request.
      Buffer overflow in the Embedded HTTP server, as used in (1) D-Link DI-804 4.68, Dl-704 V2.56b6, and Dl-704 V2.56b5 and (2) Linksys Etherfast BEFW11S4 Wireless AP + Cable/DSL Router 1.37.2 through 1.42.7 and Linksys WAP11 1.3 and 1.4, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long header, as demonstrated using the Host header.
      Simple Web Server (SWS) 0.0.4 through 0.1.0 does not close file descriptors for 404 error messages, which could allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (file descriptor exhaustion) via multiple requests for pages that do not exist.
      The default configuration of BizDesign ImageFolio 2.23 through 2.26 does not control access to (1) admin/setup.cgi, which allows remote attackers to create an administrative account, or (2) admin/nph-build.cgi, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption).
      Dispair 0.1 and 0.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary shell commands via certain form fields.
      Heysoft EventSave 5.1 and 5.2 and Heysoft EventSave+ 5.1 and 5.2 does not check whether the log file can be written to, which allows attackers to prevent events from being recorded by opening the log file using an application such as Microsoft's Event Viewer.
      Simple Web Server (SWS) 0.0.4 through 0.1.0 does not properly handle when the recv function call fails, which may allow remote attackers to overwrite program data or perform actions on an uninitialized heap, leading to a denial of service and possibly code execution.
      pkgadd in Sun Solaris 2.5.1 through 8 installs files setuid/setgid root if the pkgmap file contains a "?" (question mark) in the (1) mode, (2) owner, or (3) group fields, which allows attackers to elevate privileges.
      Microsoft SQL Server 6.0 through 2000, with SQL Authentication enabled, uses weak password encryption (XOR), which allows remote attackers to sniff and decrypt the password.
      Microsoft Exchange 2000, when used with Microsoft Remote Procedure Call (MSRPC), allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash or memory consumption) via malformed MSRPC calls.
      astrocam.cgi in AstroCam 0.9-1-1 through 1.4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in an HTTP request.  NOTE: earlier disclosures stated that the affected versions were 1.7.1 through 2.1.2, but the vendor explicitly stated that these were incorrect.
      Entercept Agent 2.5 agent for Windows, released before May 21, 2002, allows local administrative users to obtain the entercept agent password, which could allow the administrators to log on as the entercept_agent account and conceal their identity.
      Microsoft Exchange 2000 allows remote authenticated attackers to cause a denial of service via a large number of rapid requests, which consumes all of the licenses that are granted to Exchange by IIS.
      NETGEAR FM114P allows remote attackers to bypass access restrictions for web sites via a URL that uses the IP address instead of the hostname.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in w-Agora 4.1.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the inc_dir parameter.
      SQL injection vulnerability in LokwaBB 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) member parameter to member.php or (2) loser parameter to misc.php.
      LokwaBB 1.2.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary messages by modifying the pmid parameter to pm.php.
      Macromedia Flash Player 4.0 r12 through 6.0.47.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (web browser crash) via malformed content in a Flash Shockwave (.SWF) file, as demonstrated by by ROT13 encoding the body of the file but not the headers.
      Unknown vulnerability in AolSecurityPrivate.class in Oracle E-Business Suite 11i 11.1 through 11.6 allows remote attackers to bypass user authentication checks via unknown attack vectors.
      Trolltech Qt Assistant 1.0 in Trolltech Qt 3.0.3, when loaded from the Designer, opens port 7358 for interprocess communication, which allows remote attackers to open arbitrary HTML pages and cause a denial of service.
      index.php in Py-Membres 3.1 allows remote attackers to log in as an administrator by setting the pymembs parameter to "admin".
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in showhits.php3 for PowerPhlogger (PPhlogger) 2.0.9 through 2.2.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the rel_path parameter.
      TightAuction 3.0 stores config.inc under the web document root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain the database username and password.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in customize.php for phpMyNewsletter 0.6.10 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the l parameter.
      CommonName Toolbar 3.5.2.0 sends unqualified domain name requests to the CommonName organization and possibly other web servers for name resolution, which allows those organizations to obtain internal server names.
      Off-by-one buffer overflow in the context_action function in context.c of Logsurfer 1.41 through 1.5a allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a malformed log entry.
      rhmask 1.0-9 in Red Hat Linux 7.1 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the mask file.
      Buffer overflow in IRCIT 0.3.1 IRC client allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long invite request.
      NETGEAR FVS318 running firmware 1.1 stores the username and password in a readable format when a backup of the configuration file is made, which allows local users to obtain sensitive information.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ArGoSoft Mail Server Pro 1.8.1.9 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the e-mail message.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in viewtopic.php in phpBB 2.0.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the highlight parameter.
      The servlet engine in Jakarta Apache Tomcat 3.3 and 4.0.4, when using IIS and the ajp1.3 connector, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of HTTP GET requests for an MS-DOS device such as AUX, LPT1, CON, or PRN.
      Buffer overflow in Alsaplayer 0.99.71, when installed setuid root, allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long (1) -f or (2) -o command line argument.
      MyWebServer LLC MyWebServer 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP request, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      Terminal 1.3 in Apple Mac OS X 10.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in a telnet:// link, which is executed by Terminal.app window.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in IceWarp Web Mail 3.3.3 and 3.4.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the "Full Name" (addressname) parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Pinboard 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via tasklists.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Bodo Bauer BBGallery 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via image tags.
      CGIForum 1.0 through 1.05 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite recursion) by creating a message board post that is a child of an outdated parent.
      Pine 4.2.1 through 4.4.4 puts Unix usernames and/or uid into Sender: and X-Sender: headers, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflow in the Log function in util.c in GazTek ghttpd 1.4 through 1.4.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in the web server of Polycom ViaVideo 2.2 and 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP GET request.
      The web server for Polycom ViaVideo 2.2 and 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by sending incomplete HTTP requests and leaving the connections open.
      TelCondex SimpleWebServer 2.06.20817 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP GET request.
      Microsoft IIS 5.0 and 5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via an HTTP request with a Host header that contains a large number of "/" (forward slash) characters.
      Click2Learn Ingenium Learning Management System 5.1 and 6.1 stores the hashed administrative password in a config.txt file under the htdocs directory, which allows remote attackers to obtain the administrative password.
      Click2Learn Ingenium Learning Management System 5.1 and 6.1 uses weak encryption for passwords (reversible algorithm), which allows attackers to obtain passwords.
      ZoneAlarm Pro 3.0 and 3.1, when configured to block all traffic, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and memory consumption) via a large number of SYN packets (SYN flood).  NOTE: the vendor was not able to reproduce the issue.
      SkyStream EMR5000 1.16 through 1.18 does not drop packets or disable the Ethernet interface when the buffers are full, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (null pointer exception and kernel panic) via a large number of packets.
      phptonuke.php in myPHPNuke 1.8.8 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a full pathname in the filnavn variable.
      dump 0.4 b10 through b29 allows local users to cause a denial of service (execution prevention) by using flock() to lock the /etc/dumpdates file.
      tip on multiple BSD-based operating systems allows local users to cause a denial of service (execution prevention) by using flock() to lock the /var/log/acculog file.
      Pirch and RusPirch, when auto-log is enabled, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a nickname containing an MS-DOS device name such as AUX, which is inserted into a filename for saving queries.
      CRLF injection vulnerability in the "User Profile: Send Email" feature in Geeklog 1.35 and 1.3.5sr1 allows remote attackers to obtain e-mail addresses by injecting a CRLF into the Subject field and adding a BCC mail header.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Active Data Objects (ADO) in Microsoft MDAC 2.5 through 2.7 allows remote attackers to have unknown impact with unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: due to the lack of details available regarding this issue, perhaps it should be REJECTED.
      SQL injection vulnerability in shopadmin.asp in VP-ASP 4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and bypass authentication via the (1) username or (2) password fields.
      Buffer overflow in FtpXQ 2.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a MKD command with a long directory name.
      The default configuration of MySQL 3.20.32 through 3.23.52, when running on Windows, does set the bind address to the loopback interface, which allows remote attackers to connect to the database.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in global.php in Jelsoft vBulletin 2.0.0 through 2.2.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) $scriptpath or (2) $url variables.
      The default configuration in MySQL 3.20.32 through 3.23.52, when running on Windows, does not have logging enabled, which could allow remote attackers to conduct activities without detection.
      PowerChute plus 5.0.2 creates a "Pwrchute" directory during installation that is shared and world writeable, which could allow remote attackers to modify or create files in that directory.
      Tiny Personal Firewall 3.0 through 3.0.6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by via SYN, UDP, ICMP and TCP portscans when the administrator selects the Log tab of the Personal Firewall Agent module.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in source.php in Aquonics File Manager 1.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTP query string.
      Aquonics File Manager 1.5 allows users with edit privileges to modify user accounts by editing the userlist.cgi file.
      602Pro LAN SUITE 2002 allows remote attackers to view the directory tree via an HTTP GET request with a trailing "~" (tilde) or ".bak" extension.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in pafiledb.php in PHP Arena paFileDB 1.1.3 through 3.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query string in the (1) rate, (2) email, or (3) download actions.
      Buffer overflow in AN HTTPd 1.38 through 1.4.1c allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a SOCKS4 request with a long username.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHP Arena paFileDB 1.1.3 and 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in the search string.
      Microsoft Windows XP and Windows 2000, when configured to send administrative alerts and the "Do not overwrite events (clear log manually)" option is set, does not notify the administrator when the log reaches its maximum size, which allows local users and remote attackers to avoid detection.
      The terminal services screensaver for Microsoft Windows 2000 does not automatically lock the terminal window if the window is minimized, which could allow local users to gain access to the terminal server window.
      Pingtel xpressa SIP-based voice-over-IP phone 1.2.5 through 2.0.1 leaks sensitive information during boot-up, which allows attackers to obtain the MD5 hash of the Admin password, MD5 hash of the physical password, and other registration information.
      Pingtel Xpressa 1.2.5 through 2.0.1 uses predictable (1) Call-ID, (2) CSeq, and (3) "To" and "From" SIP URL values in a Session Identification Protocol (SIP) request, which allows remote attackers to avoid registering with the SIP registrar.
      UTStarcom BAS 1000 3.1.10 creates several default or back door accounts and passwords, which allows remote attackers to gain access via (1) field account with a password of "*field", (2) guru account with a password of "*3noguru", (3) snmp account with a password of "snmp", or (4) dbase account with a password of "dbase".
      Symantec Firewall/VPN Appliance 100 through 200R hardcodes the administrator's MAC address inside the firewall's configuration, which allows remote attackers to spoof the administrator's MAC address and perform an ARP poisoning man-in-the-middle attack to obtain the administrator's password.
      Virgil CGI Scanner 0.9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the (1) tar (TARGET) or (2) zielport (ZIELPORT) parameters.
      FlashFXP 1.4 prints FTP passwords in plaintext when there are transfers in the queue, which allows attackers to obtain FTP passwords of other users by editing the queue properties.
      LCC-Win32 3.2 compiler, when running on Windows 95, 98, or ME, writes portions of previously used memory after the import table, which could allow attackers to gain sensitive information.  NOTE: it has been reported that this problem is due to the OS and not the application.
      Buffer overflow in RadioBird WebServer 4 Everyone 1.28 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP GET request with the Host header set.
      Imatix Xitami 2.5 b5 does not properly terminate certain Keep-Alive connections that have been broken or closed early, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a large number of concurrent sessions.
      SafeTP 1.46, when network address translation (NAT) is being used, leaks the internal IP address of the FTP server in a response to a passive mode (PASV) file transfer request.
      Motorola Surfboard 4200 cable modem allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by performing a SYN scan using a tool such as nmap.
      Buffer overflow in SmartMail Server 1.0 Beta 10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long request to (1) TCP port 25 (SMTP) or (2) TCP port 110 (POP3).
      Videsh Sanchar Nigam Limited (VSNL) Integrated Dialer Software 1.2.000, when the "Save Password" option is used, stores the password with a weak encryption scheme (one-to-one mapping) in a registry key, which allows local users to obtain and decrypt the password.
      Webmin 0.21 through 1.0 uses the same built-in SSL key for all installations, which allows remote attackers to eavesdrop or highjack the SSL session.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Gringotts 0.5.9 allows local users to execute arbitrary commands via unknown attack vectors.
      The Network Attached Storage (NAS) Administration Web Page for Iomega NAS A300U transmits passwords in cleartext, which allows remote attackers to sniff the administrative password.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phpRank 1.8 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) the email parameter of add.php or (2) the banner URL (banurl parameter) in the main list.
      Buffer overflow in GoAhead WebServer 2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP GET request with a large number of subdirectories.
      phpRank 1.8 does not properly check the return codes for MySQL operations when authenticating users, which could allow remote attackers to authenticate using a NULL password when database errors occur or if the database is unavailable.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in the goim handler of AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.4 through 4.8.2616 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via escaping of the screen name parameter, which triggers the overflow when the user selects "Get Info" on the buddy.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the phpinfo function in PHP 4.2.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the query string argument, as demonstrated using soinfo.php.
      Iomega NAS A300U uses cleartext LANMAN authentication when mounting CIFS/SMB drives, which allows remote attackers to perform a man-in-the-middle attack.
      ROX Filer 1.1.9 and 1.2 is installed with world writable permissions, which allows local users to write to arbitrary files.
      Buffer overflow in the netlog function in pen.c for Pen 0.9.1 and 0.9.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via malformed log messages.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in kmMail 1.0, 1.0a, and 1.0b allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) javascript in onmouseover or other attributes in "safe" HTML tags such as the "b" tag, or (2) the Subject field.
      Nagios 1.0b1 through 1.0b3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in plugin output.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Cybozu Share360 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via an HTML link.
      Finjan Software SurfinGate 6.0 and 6.0 1 allows remote attackers to bypass URL access restrictions via a URL whose hostname portion uses a fully qualified domain name (FQDN) that ends in a "." (dot).
      Finjan Software SurfinGate 6.0 and 6.0 1 allows remote attackers to bypass URL access restrictions via a URL with an IP address instead of a hostname.
      Linux kernel 2.4.1 through 2.4.19 sets root's NR_RESERVED_FILES limit to 10 files, which allows local users to cause a denial of service (resource exhaustion) by opening 10 setuid binaries.
      Unknown vulnerability in WesMo phpEventCalendar 1.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via unknown attack vectors.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Errors.gsl in Imatix Xitami 2.5b4 and 2.5b5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) Javascript events, as demonstrated via an onerror event in an IMG SRC tag or (2) User-Agent field in an HTTP GET request.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in magiccard.cgi in My Postcards Platinum 5.0 and 6.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the page parameter.
      Buffer overflow in XiRCON 1.0 Beta 4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (disconnect) via a long (1) ctcp, (2) primsg, (3) msg, or (4) notice command.
      Com21 DOXport 1100 series cable modem running firmware 2.1.1.106, and possibly other versions before 2.1.1.108.003, downloads a DOCSIS configuration file from a TFTP server running on the internal network, which allows local users to modify configuration of the modem via a malicious TFTP server.
      Magic Notebook 1.0b and 1.1b allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an invalid username during login.
      SnortCenter 0.9.5, when configured to push Snort rules, stores the rules in a temporary file with world-readable and world-writable permissions, which allows local users to obtain usernames and passwords for the alert database servers.
      The ping utility in networking_utils.php in Sourcecraft Networking_Utils 1.0 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via shell metacharacters in the Domain name or IP address argument.
      Unknown vulnerability in Parallel port powerSwitch (aka pp_powerSwitch) 0.1 does not properly enforce access controls, which allows local users to access arbitrary ports.
      Buffer overflow in CHttpServer::OnParseError in the ISAPI extension (Isapi.cpp) when built using Microsoft Foundation Class (MFC) static libraries in Visual C++ 5.0, and 6.0 before SP3, as used in multiple products including BadBlue, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (access violation and crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long query string that causes a parsing error.
      The FTP service in Zaurus PDAs SL-5000D and SL-5500 does not require authentication, which allows remote attackers to access the file system as root.
      Sharp Zaurus PDA SL-5000D and SL-5500 uses a salt of "A0" to encrypt the screen-locking password as stored in the Security.conf file, which makes it easier for local users to guess the password via brute force methods.
      ifconfig, when used on the Linux kernel 2.2 and later, does not report when the network interface is in promiscuous mode if it was put in promiscuous mode using PACKET_MR_PROMISC, which could allow attackers to sniff the network without detection, as demonstrated using libpcap.
      Network Associates PGP 7.0.4 and 7.1 does not time out according to the value set in the "Passphrase Cache" option, which could allow attackers to open encrypted files without providing a passphrase.
      IPFilter 3.1.1 through 3.4.28 allows remote attackers to bypass firewall rules by sending a PASV command string as the argument of another command to an FTP server, which generates a response that contains the string, causing IPFilter to treat the response as if it were a legitimate PASV command from the server.
      WatchGuard SOHO products running firmware 5.1.6 and earlier, and Vclass/RSSA using 3.2 SP1 and earlier, allows remote attackers to bypass firewall rules by sending a PASV command string as the argument of another command to an FTP server, which generates a response that contains the string, causing IPFilter to treat the response as if it were a legitimate PASV command from the server.
      Buffer overflow in Volume Manager daemon (vold) of Sun Solaris 2.5.1 through 8 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via unknown attack vectors.
      Microsoft SQL Server 2000 through SQL Server 2000 SP2 allows the "public" role to execute the (1) sp_MSSetServerProperties or (2) sp_MSsetalertinfo stored procedures, which allows attackers to modify configuration including SQL server startup and alert settings.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the list_directory function in Icecast 1.3.12 allows remote attackers to determine if a directory exists via a .. (dot dot) in the GET request, which returns different error messages depending on whether the directory exists or not.
      The timer implementation in QNX RTOS 6.1.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (hang) and possibly execute arbitrary code by creating multiple timers with a 1-ms tick.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0.1 through 6.0 on Windows 2000 or Windows XP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an OBJECT tag that contains a crafted CLASSID (CLSID) value of "CLSID:00022613-0000-0000-C000-000000000046".
      iSMTP 5.0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long "MAIL FROM" command, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      Perception LiteServe 2.0 through 2.0.1 allows remote attackers to obtain the source code of CGI scripts via an HTTP request with a trailing dot (".").
      Directory traversal vulnerability in view_source.jsp in Resin 2.1.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a "\.." (backslash dot dot).
      Resin 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and hang) via a URL with long variables for non-existent resources.
      Resin 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (thread and connection consumption) via multiple URL requests containing the DOS 'CON' device name and a registered file extension such as .jsp or .xtp.
      Resin 2.0.5 through 2.1.2 allows remote attackers to reveal physical path information via a URL request for the example Java class file HelloServlet.
      PHP file inclusion vulnerability in osCommerce 2.1 execute arbitrary commands via the include_file parameter to include_once.php.
      Buffer overflow in jrun.dll in ColdFusion MX, when used with IIS 4 or 5, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in IIS via (1) a long template file name or (2) a long HTTP header.
      webbbs_post.pl in WebBBS 4 and 5.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the followup parameter.
      advserver.exe in Advanced Web Server (AdvServer) Professional 1.030000 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via multiple HTTP requests containing a single carriage return/line feed (CRLF) sequence.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in phptonuke.php for PHP-Nuke allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the filnavn parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PostNuke 0.71 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) name parameter in modules.php and (2) catid parameter in index.php.
      ZoneAlarm Pro 3.0 MailSafe allows remote attackers to bypass filtering and possibly execute arbitrary code via email attachments containing a trailing dot after the file extension.
      Buffer overflow in rpc.cmsd in SCO UnixWare 7.1.1 and Open UNIX 8.0.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via a long parameter to rtable_create (procedure 21).
      HP Praesidium Webproxy 1.0 running on HP-UX 11.04 VVOS could allow remote attackers to cause Webproxy to forward requests to the internal network via crafted HTTP requests.
      ACMS 4.3 and 4.4 in OpenVMS Alpha 7.2 and 7.3 does not properly use process privileges, which allows attackers to access data.
      jmcce 1.3.8 in Mandrake 8.1 creates log files in /tmp with predictable names, which allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack.
      Buffer overflow in libc in Compaq Tru64 4.0F, 5.0, 5.1 and 5.1A allows attackers to execute arbitrary code via long (1) LANG and (2) LOCPATH environment variables.
      ypbind in Compaq Tru64 4.0F, 4.0G, 5.0A, 5.1 and 5.1A allows remote attackers to cause the process to core dump via certain network packets generated by nmap.
      portmapper in Compaq Tru64 4.0G and 5.0A allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a flood of packets.
      Unknown vulnerability in Java web start 1.0.1_01, 1.0.1, 1.0 and 1.0.1.01 (HP-UX 11.x only) allows attackers to gain access to restricted resources via unknown attack vectors.
      The default installation of Apache Tomcat 4.0 through 4.1 and 3.0 through 3.3.1 allows remote attackers to obtain the installation path and other sensitive system information via the (1) SnoopServlet or (2) TroubleShooter example servlets.
      The default installations of Apache Tomcat 3.2.3 and 3.2.4 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive system information such as directory listings and web root path, via erroneous HTTP requests for Java Server Pages (JSP) in the (1) test/jsp, (2) samples/jsp and (3) examples/jsp directories, or the (4) test/realPath.jsp servlet, which leaks pathnames in error messages.
      Apache Tomcat 4.0.3 for Windows allows remote attackers to obtain the web root path via an HTTP request for a resource that does not exist, such as lpt9, which leaks the information in an error message.
      Apache Tomcat 4.0.1 allows remote attackers to obtain the web root path via HTTP requests for JSP files preceded by (1) +/, (2) >/, (3) </, and (4) %20/, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in htsearch.cgi in htdig (ht://Dig) 3.1.5, 3.1.6, and 3.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the words parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the fom CGI program (fom.cgi) in Faq-O-Matic 2.711 and 2.712 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the file parameter.
      Unknown vulnerability in Apache 1.3.19 running on HP Secure OS for Linux 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause "unexpected results" via an HTTP request.
      Mozilla 0.9.6 and earlier and Netscape 6.2 and earlier allows remote attackers to steal cookies from another domain via a link with a hex-encoded null character (%00) followed by the target domain.
      Lotus Domino 5.0.8 web server returns different error messages when a valid or invalid user is provided in HTTP requests, which allows remote attackers to determine valid user names and makes it easier to conduct brute force attacks.
      PHP file inclusion vulnerability in user.php in PostNuke 0.703 allows remote attackers to include arbitrary files and possibly execute code via the caselist parameter.
      User-mode Linux (UML) 2.4.17-8 does not restrict access to kernel address space, which allows local users to execute arbitrary code.
      sastcpd in SAS/Base 8.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code by setting the authprog environment variable to reference a malicious program, which is then executed by sastcpd.
      sastcpd in SAS/Base 8.0 might allow local users to gain privileges by setting the netencralg environment variable, which causes a segmentation fault.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in include_once.php in osCommerce (a.k.a. Exchange Project) 2.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the include_file parameter.
      Netgear RP114 Cable/DSL Web Safe Router Firmware 3.26 uses a default administrator password and accepts admin logins on the external interface, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges if the password is not changed.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in WoltLab Burning Board (wbboard) 1.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the message parameter.
      Format string vulnerability in Kaffe OpenVM 1.0.6 and earlier allows local users to execute arbitrary code, when a java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError is thrown, via format specifiers in the forName attribute.
      The get_parameter_from_freqency_source function in beep2 1.0, 1.1 and 1.2, when installed setuid root, allows local users to read arbitrary files via unknown attack vectors.
      Horde IMP 2.2.7 allows remote attackers to obtain the full web root pathname via an HTTP request for (1) poppassd.php3, (2) login.php3?reason=chpass2, (3) spelling.php3, and (4) ldap.search.php3?ldap_serv=nonsense which leaks the information in error messages.
      Lotus Domino server 5.0.9a and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service by exhausting the number of working threads via a large number of HTTP requests for (1) an MS-DOS device name and (2) an MS-DOS device name with a large number of characters appended to the device name.
      Buffer overflow in BrowseFTP 1.62 client allows remote FTP servers to execute arbitrary code via a long FTP "220" message reply.
      Database of Our Owlish Wisdom (DOOW) 0.1 through 0.2.1 does not properly verify user permissions, which allows remote attackers to perform unauthorized activities.
      The screensaver on Windows NT 4.0, 2000, XP, and 2002 does not verify if a domain account has already been locked when a valid password is provided, which makes it easier for users with physical access to conduct brute force password guessing.
      PHP, when installed on Windows with Apache and ScriptAlias for /php/ set to c:/php/, allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files and possibly execute arbitrary programs via an HTTP request for php.exe with a filename in the query string.
      Stack-based buffer overflow in SQLData Enterprise Server 3.0 allows remote attacker to execute arbitrary code and cause a denial of service via a long HTTP request.
      Internet Explorer 5.0, 5.0.1 and 5.5 with JavaScript execution enabled allows remote attackers to determine the existence of arbitrary files via a script tag with a src parameter that references a non-JavaScript file, then using the onError event handler to monitor the results.
      sql_layer.php in PHP-Nuke 5.4 and earlier does not restrict access to debugging features, which allows remote attackers to gain SQL query information by setting the sql_debug parameter to (1) index.php and (2) modules.php.
      faqmanager.cgi in FAQManager 2.2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files by specifying the filename in the toc parameter with a trailing null character (%00).
      The Email Sanitizer before 1.133 for Procmail allows remote attackers to bypass the mail filter and execute arbitrary code via crafted recursive multipart MIME attachments.
      SQL injection vulnerability in RealityScape MyLogin 2000 1.0.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) Username or (2) Password in the login form.
      Sun Ray Server Software (SRSS) 1.3, when Non-Smartcard Mobility (NSCM) is enabled, allows remote attackers to login as another user by running dtlogin from a system that supports the XDMCP client.
      The Cisco Media Gateway Controller (MGC) in (1) SC2200 7.4 and earlier, (2) VSC3000 9.1 and earlier, (3) PGW 2200 9.1 and earlier, (4) Billing and Management Server (BAMS) and (5) Voice Services Provisioning Tool (VSPT) runs on default installations of Solaris 2.6 with unnecessary services and without the latest security patches, which allows attackers to exploit known vulnerabilities.
      Next Generation POSIX Threading (NGPT) 1.9.0 uses a filesystem-based shared memory entry, which allows local users to cause a denial of service or in threaded processes or spoof files via unknown methods.
      /bin/su in QNX realtime operating system (RTOS) 4.25 and 6.1.0 allows local users to obtain sensitive information from core dump files by sending the SIGSERV (invalid memory reference) signal.
      The (1) phrafx and (2) phgrafx-startup programs in QNX realtime operating system (RTOS) 4.25 and 6.1.0 do not properly drop privileges before executing the system command, which allows local users to execute arbitrary commands by modifying the PATH environment variable to reference a malicious crttrap program.
      Multiple buffer overflows in realtime operating system (RTOS) 6.1.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via (1) a long ABLANG environment variable in phlocale or (2) a long -u option to pkg-installer.
      ptrace in the QNX realtime operating system (RTOS) 4.25 and 6.1.0 allows programs to attach to privileged processes, which could allow local users to execute arbitrary code by modifying running processes.
      SQL injection vulnerability in the LDAP and MySQL authentication patch for Cyrus SASL 1.5.24 and 1.5.27 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands and log in as arbitrary POP mail users via the password.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in x_stat_admin.php in x-stat 2.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a parameter to the phpinfo action.
      x_stat_admin.php in x-stat 2.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to (1) execute PHP commands such as phpinfo or (2) obtain the full path of the web server via an invalid action parameter, which leaks the pathname in an error message.
      x_news.php in X-News (x_news) 1.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to gain administrative privileges by stealing and replaying the md5_password cookie.
      The file preview functionality in Sketch 0.6.12 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the filename of an encapsulated Postscript (EPS) file.
      Buffer overflow in PFinger 0.7.8 client allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long query value passed to the (1) finger program, (2) -l, (3) -d, and (4) -t options.  NOTE: if PFinger is not setuid or setgid, then this issue would not cross privilege boundaries and would not be considered a vulnerability.
      configure for Dsniff 2.3, fragroute 1.2, and fragrouter 1.6, when downloaded from monkey.org on May 17, 2002, has been modified to contain a backdoor, which allows remote attackers to access the system.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in processor_web plugin for ModLogAn 0.5.0 through 0.7.11, when used with the splitby option, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the hostname of a log entry.
      The processor_web plugin for ModLogAn 0.5.0 through 0.7.11, when used with the splitby option, allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on files specified as hostnames in a log file.
      Cisco 2611 router running IOS 12.1(6.5), possibly an interim release, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via port scans such as (1) scanning all ports on a single host and (2) scanning a network of hosts for a single open port through the router.  NOTE: the vendor could not reproduce this issue, saying that the original reporter was using an interim release of the software.
      The design of the Hot Standby Routing Protocol (HSRP), as implemented on Cisco IOS 12.1, when using IRPAS, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) via a router with the same IP address as the interface on which HSRP is running, which causes a loop.
      TeeKai Forum 1.2 allows remote attackers to authenticate as the administrator and and gain privileged web forum access by setting the valid_level cookie to admin.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in userlog.php in TeeKai Tracking Online 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the id parameter.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in TeeKai Forum 1.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the valid_username_online cookie.
      TeeKai Forum 1.2 uses weak encryption of web usage statistics in data/member_log.txt, which is stored under the web document root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to identify IP's visiting the site by dividing each octet by the MD5 hash of '20'.
      TeeKai Tracking Online 1.0 uses weak encryption of web usage statistics in data/userlog/log.txt, which allows remote attackers to identify IP's visiting the site by dividing each octet by the MD5 hash of '20'.
      BIOS D845BG, D845HV, D845PT and D845WN on Intel motherboards does not properly restrict access to configuration information when BIOS passwords are enabled, which could allow local users to change the default boot device via the F8 key.
      Buffer overflow in Links 2.0 pre4 allows remote attackers to crash client browsers and possibly execute arbitrary code via gamma tables in large 16-bit PNG images.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in Netscape 6.2.3 and Mozilla 1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to crash client browsers and execute arbitrary code via a PNG image with large width and height values and an 8-bit or 16-bit alpha channel.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ftp.htt in Internet Explorer 5.5 and 6.0, when running on Windows 2000 with "Enable folder view for FTP sites" and "Enable Web content in folders" selected, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the hostname portion of an FTP URL.
      AtGuard 3.2 allows remote attackers to bypass firwall filters and execute prohibited programs by changing the filenames to permitted filenames.
      isadmin.php in PhpWebGallery 1.0 allows remote attackers to gain administrative access via by setting the photo_login cookie to pseudo.
      WebCalendar 0.9.34 and earlier with 'browsing in includes directory' enabled allows remote attackers to read arbitrary include files with .inc extensions from the web root.
      BestCrypt BCWipe 1.0.7 and 2.0 through 2.35.1 does not clear Windows alternate data streams that are attached to files on NTFS file systems, which allows attackers to recover sensitive information that was supposed to be deleted.
      East-Tec Eraser 2002 does not clear Windows alternate data streams that are attached to files on NTFS file systems, which allows attackers to recover sensitive information that was supposed to be deleted.
      Eraser 5.3 does not clear Windows alternate data streams that are attached to files on NTFS file systems, which allows attackers to recover sensitive information that was supposed to be deleted.
      PGP 6.x and 7.x does not clear Windows alternate data streams that are attached to files on NTFS file systems, which allows attackers to recover sensitive information that was supposed to be deleted.
      SecureClean 3 build 2.0 does not clear Windows alternate data streams that are attached to files on NTFS file systems, which allows attackers to recover sensitive information that was supposed to be deleted.
      Compaq Tru64 4.0 d allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in (1) telnet, (2) FTP, (3) ypbind, (4) rpc.lockd, (5) snmp, (6) ttdbserverd, and possibly other services via a TCP SYN scan, as demonstrated using nmap.
      java.security.AccessController in Sun Java Virtual Machine (JVM) in JRE 1.2.2 and 1.3.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (JVM crash) via a Java program that calls the doPrivileged method with a null argument.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the default ASP pages on Microsoft Site Server 3.0 on Windows NT 4.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) ctr parameter in Default.asp and (2) the query string to formslogin.asp.
      SQL injection vulnerability in Mailidx before 20020105 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the search web page.
      ICQ 2001a and 2002b allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption and hang) via a contact message with a large contacts number.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Lil' HTTP server 2.1 and 2.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP GET request.
      The DCOM client in Windows 2000 before SP3 does not properly clear memory before sending an "alter context" request, which may allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information by sniffing the session.
      Heap-based buffer overflow in Floositek (1) FTGate Pro 1.05 and (2) FTGate Office 1.05 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long POP3 APOP USER command.
      mosix-protocol-stack in Multicomputer Operating System for UnIX (MOSIX) 1.5.7 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via malformed packets.
      Floositek FTGate PRO 1.05 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory and CPU consumption) via a large number of RCPT TO: messages during an SMTP session.
      cphost.dll in Microsoft Site Server 3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (disk consumption) via an HTTP POST of a file with a long TargetURL parameter, which causes Site Server to abort and leaves the uploaded file in c:\temp.
      FTGate and FTGate Pro 1.05 lock user mailboxes before authentication succeeds, which allows remote attackers to lock the mailboxes of other users.
      The Novell Netware client running on Windows 95 allows local users to bypass the login and open arbitrary files via the "What is this?" help feature, which can be launched from the Novell Netware login screen.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in index.php of Portix 0.4.02 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the (1) l and (2) topic parameters.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in page.cgi of WWWeBBB Forum 3.82 beta and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an HTTP request.
      Multiple cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerabilities in magicHTML of SquirrelMail before 1.2.6 allow remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) "<<script" in unspecified input fields or (2) a javascript: URL in the src attribute of an IMG tag.
      Buffer overflow in Borland InterBase 6.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long INTERBASE environment variable when calling (1) gds_drop, (2) gds_lock_mgr, or (3) gds_inet_server.
      The MOSIX Project clump/os 5.4 creates a default VNC account without a password, which allows remote attackers to gain root access.
      Buffer overflow in rcp in Solaris 9.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code via a long command line argument.
      Caucho Technology Resin server 2.1.1 to 2.1.2 allows remote attackers to obtain server's root path via requests for MS-DOS device names such as lpt9.xtp.
      Format string vulnerability in Deception Finger Daemon, decfingerd, 0.7 may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via the username of a finger request.
      Race condition in exec in OpenBSD 4.0 and earlier, NetBSD 1.5.2 and earlier, and FreeBSD 4.4 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges by attaching a debugger to a process before the kernel has determined that the process is setuid or setgid.
      The Video Control Panel on SGI O2/IRIX 6.5, when the Default Input is set to "Output Video", allows attackers to access a console session by running videoout then videoin.
      Joe Testa hellbent 01 allows remote attackers to determine the full path of the web root directory via a GET request with a relative path that includes the root's parent, which generates a 403 error message if the parent is incorrect, but a normal response if the parent is correct.
      Joe Testa hellbent 01 webserver allows attackers to read files that are specified in the hellbent.prefs file by creating a file with a similar name in the web root, as demonstrated using (1) index.webroot and (2) index.ipallow.
      Buffer overflow in Novell Remote Manager module, httpstk.nlm, in NetWare 5.1 and NetWare 6 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long (1) username or (2) password.
      The compression code in MaraDNS before 0.9.01 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via crafted DNS packets.
      Buffer overflow in axspawn.c in Axspawn-pam before 0.2.1a allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via large packets.
      Buffer overflow in the GNU DataDisplay Debugger (DDD) 3.3.1 allows local users to execute arbitrary code and possibly gain privileges via a long HOME environment variable.  NOTE: since DDD is not installed setuid or setgid, perhaps this issue should not be included in CVE.
      Microsoft Outlook 2002 allows remote attackers to embed bypass the file download restrictions for attachments via an HTML email message that uses an IFRAME to reference malicious content.
      Microsoft Outlook 2002 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary JavaScript code, even when scripting is disabled, via an "about:" or "javascript:" URI in the href attribute of an "a" tag.
      InfBlocks.java in JCraft JZlib before 0.0.7 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NullPointerException) via an invalid block of deflated data.
      Apache before 1.3.24, when writing to the log file, records a spoofed hostname from the reverse lookup of an IP address, even when a double-reverse lookup fails, which allows remote attackers to hide the original source of activities.
      graph.php in Ganglia PHP RRD Web Client 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the command parameter, which is provided to the passthru function.
      Microsoft Windows XP allows local users to prevent the system from booting via a corrupt explorer.exe.manifest file.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in WikkiTikkiTavi before 0.21 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the TemplateDir variable, as demonstrated using conflict.php.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the lookup script in Veridis OpenKeyServer (OKS) 1.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search parameter.
      Unknown vulnerability in the "VAIO Manual" software in certain Sony VAIO personal computers sold from November 2001 to January 2002, allows remote attackers to modify data via a web page or HTML e-mail.
      Matt Wright FormMail 1.9 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass the HTTP_REFERER check and conduct unauthorized activities via (1) a blank referer, (2) a spoofed referer with a trusted domain/URL after the beginning of the referer, or (3) a spoofed referer with a trusted domain/URL in the beginning (hostname) portion of the referer.
      The RCA Digital Cable Modems DCM225 and DCM225E allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (modem device reset) by connecting to port 80 on the 10.0.0.0/8 device.
      Fwmon before 1.0.10 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by causing the kernel to return a large packet.
      RCA Digital Cable Modem DCM225 and DCM225E, and other modems that must conform to the Data-over-Cable Service Interface Specifications DOCSIS standard, uses the "public" community string for SNMP access, which allows remote attackers to read or write MIB information.
      search.cgi in AGH HTMLsearch 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the template parameter.
      Artekopia Netjuke before 1.0 b7 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code on the web server, possibly via the section parameter, which is passed to an eval call.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Hyper NIKKI System (HNS) Lite before 0.9 and HNS before 2.10-pl2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML.
      Netgear RM-356 and RT-338 series SOHO routers allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a UDP port scan, as demonstrated using nmap.
      Microsoft Windows XP allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by flooding UDP port 500 (ISAKMP).
      Buffer overflow in Blue World Lasso Web Data Engine 3.6.5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a long URL.
      Novell eDirectory 8.6.2 and 8.7 use case insensitive passwords, which makes it easier for remote attackers to conduct brute force password guessing.
      Multiple buffer overflows in QNX RTOS 4.25 may allow attackers to execute arbitrary code via long filename arguments to (1) Watcom or (2) int10.
      SurfControl SuperScout Email filter for SMTP 3.5.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long SMTP (1) HELO or (2) RCPT TO command, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      Pointsec before 1.2 for PalmOS stores a user's PIN number in memory in plaintext, which allows a local attacker who steals an unlocked Palm to retrieve the PIN by dumping memory.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in publish_xp_docs.php for Gallery 1.3.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary PHP code by specifying a URL to an init.php file in the GALLERY_BASEDIR parameter.
      The recvn and sendn functions in nylon 0.2 do not check when the recv function call returns 0, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (infinite loop and CPU consumption) by closing the connection while recv is executing.
      Internet Explorer 6.0 does not warn users when an expired certificate authority (CA) certificate is submitted to the user and a newer CA certificate is in the user's local repository, which could allow remote attackers to decrypt web sessions via a man-in-the-middle (MITM) attack.
      restrictEnabled in Integrity Protection Driver (IPD) 1.2 delays driver installation for 20 minutes, which allows local users to insert malicious code by setting system clock to an earlier time.
      Integrity Protection Driver (IPD) 1.2 and earlier blocks access to \Device\PhysicalMemory by its name, which could allow local privileged processes to overwrite kernel memory by accessing the device through a symlink.
      editform.php in w-Agora 4.1.5 allows local users to execute arbitrary PHP code via .. (dot dot) sequences in the file parameter.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability (XSS) in editform.php for w-Agora 4.1.5 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script via an arbitrary form field name containing the script, which is echoed back to the user when displaying the form.
      publish_xp_docs.php in Gallery 1.3.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by modifying the GALLERY_BASEDIR parameter to reference a URL on a remote web server that contains the code.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Perl-HTTPd before 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to view arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in an unknown argument.
      Windows File Protection (WFP) in Windows 2000 and XP does not remove old security catalog .CAT files, which could allow local users to replace new files with vulnerable old files that have valid hash codes.
      Telindus 1100 ASDL router running firmware 6.0.x uses weak encryption for UDP session traffic, which allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access by sniffing and decrypting the administrative password.
      haut.php in PEEL 1.0b allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code by modifying the dirroot parameter to reference a URL on a remote web server that contains the code in a lang.php file.
      GlobalSunTech Wireless Access Points (1) WISECOM GL2422AP-0T, and possibly OEM products such as (2) D-Link DWL-900AP+ B1 2.1 and 2.2, (3) ALLOY GL-2422AP-S, (4) EUSSO GL2422-AP, and (5) LINKSYS WAP11-V2.2, allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information like WEP keys, the administrator password, and the MAC filter via a "getsearch" request to UDP port 27155.
      RFC-NETBIOS in HP Advanced Server/9000 B.04.05 through B.04.09, when running HP-UX 11.00 or 11.11, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (panic) via a malformed UDP packet on port 139.
      Cisco PIX Firewall 6.0.3 and earlier, and 6.1.x to 6.1.3, do not delete the duplicate ISAKMP SAs for a user's VPN session, which allows local users to hijack a session via a man-in-the-middle attack.
      Buffer overflow in Cisco PIX Firewall 5.2.x to 5.2.8, 6.0.x to 6.0.3, 6.1.x to 6.1.3, and 6.2.x to 6.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via HTTP traffic authentication using (1) TACACS+ or (2) RADIUS.
      BEA WebLogic Server and Express 7.0 and 7.0.0.1, when running Servlets and Enterprise JavaBeans (EJB) on more than one server, will remove the security constraints and roles on all servers for any Servlets or EJB that are used by an application that is undeployed on one server, which could allow remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities in violation of the intended restrictions.
      An undocumented extension for the Servlet mappings in the Servlet 2.3 specification, when upgrading to WebLogic Server and Express 7.0 Service Pack 1 from BEA WebLogic Server and Express 6.0 through 7.0.0.1, does not prepend a "/" character in certain URL patterns, which prevents the proper enforcement of role mappings and policies in applications that use the extension.
      The admin.html file in MySimple News 1.0 stores its administrative password in plaintext, which allows remote attackers to gain unauthorized access to the web server by viewing the source of admin.html.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in BearShare 4.0.5 and 4.0.6 allows remote attackers to read files outside of the web root by hex-encoding the "/" (forward slash) or "." (dot) characters.
      Savant Web Server 3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to bypass authentication for password protected user folders via a URL with a hex encoded space (%20) and a '.' (%2e) at the end of the filename.
      cgitest.exe in Savant Web Server 3.1 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP request.
      Lucent Ascend MAX Router 5.0 and earlier, Lucent Ascend Pipeline Router 6.0.2 and earlier and Lucent DSLTerminator allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as hostname, MAC, and IP address of the Ethernet interface via a discard (UDP port 9) packet, which causes the device to leak the information in the response.
      Buffer overflow in Lucent Access Point 300, 600, and 1500 Service Routers allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (reboot) via a long HTTP request to the administrative interface.
      Firewalls from multiple vendors empty state tables more slowly than they are filled, which allows remote attackers to flood state tables with packet flooding attacks such as (1) TCP SYN flood, (2) UDP flood, or (3) Crikey CRC Flood, which causes the firewall to refuse any new connections.
      The Czech edition of Software602's Web Server before 2002.0.02.0916 allows remote attackers to gain administrator privileges via direct HTTP requests to the /admin/ directory, which is not password protected.
      Format string vulnerability in the administrative pages of the PL/SQL module for Oracle Application Server 4.0.8 and 4.0.8 2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Monkey HTTP Daemon 0.1.4 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences.
      Format string vulnerability in the error handling of IRC invite responses for Trillian 0.725 and 0.73 allows remote IRC servers to execute arbitrary code via an invite to a channel with format string specifiers in the name.
      Buffer overflow in Trillian 0.73 allows remote IRC servers to execute arbitrary code via a long PING response.
      zenTrack 2.0.3 and earlier allows remote attackers to obtain the full path to the web root via an invalid ticket ID, which leaks the path in an error message.
      Linksys EtherFast Cable/DSL BEFSR11, BEFSR41 and BEFSRU31 with the firmware 1.42.7 upgrade installed opens TCP port 5678 for remote administration even when the "Block WAN" and "Remote Admin" options are disabled, which allows remote attackers to gain access.
      Kerio Personal Firewall (KPF) 2.1.4 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang and CPU consumption) via a SYN packet flood.
      Cerulean Studios Trillian 0.73 and earlier use weak encrypttion (XOR) for storing user passwords in .ini files in the Trillian directory, which allows local users to gain access to other user accounts.
      KvPoll 1.1 allows remote authenticated users to vote more than once by setting the "already_voted" cookie by various methods, including a direct call to clear_cookies.php.
      Buffer overflow in Microsoft Outlook Express 5.0, 5.5, and 6.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long <A HREF> link.
      The IMHO Webmail module 0.97.3 and earlier for Roxen leaks the REFERER from the browser's previous login session in an error page, which allows local users to read another user's inbox.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in FuseTalk 2.0 and 3.0 allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary HTML and web script.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in function_foot_1.inc.php for Thorsten Korner 123tkShop before 0.3.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via .. (dot dot) sequences terminated by a null character in the $designNo variable, which is part of an "include" function call.
      SQL injection vulnerability in Thorsten Korner 123tkShop before 0.3.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL queries via various programs including function_describe_item1.inc.php.
      Cross-site scripting vulnerability AOL Instant Messenger (AIM) 4.5 and 4.7 for MacOS and Windows allows remote attackers to conduct unauthorized activities, such as adding buddies and groups to a user's buddy list, via a URL with a META HTTP-EQUIV="refresh" tag to an aim: URL.
      Working Resources Inc. BadBlue Enterprise Edition 1.7 through 1.74 attempts to restrict administrator actions to the IP address of the local host, but does not provide additional authentication, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a web page containing an HTTP POST request that accesses the dir.hts page on the localhost and adds an entire hard drive to be shared.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in acWEB 1.8 and 1.14 allows remote attackers to insert arbitrary HTML and web script via a URL, possibly via a "%db" request in a URL.
      Informed (1) Designer and (2) Filler 3.05 does not zero out newly allocated disk blocks as an encrypted file grows in size, which may allow attackers to obtain sensitive information.
      Buffer overflow in the IRC module of Trillian 0.725 and 0.73 allowing remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long DCC Chat message.
      The Telnet proxy of 602Pro LAN SUITE 2002 does not restrict the number of outstanding connections to the local host, which allows remote attackers to create a denial of service (memory consumption) via a large number of connections.
      phpSquidPass before 0.2 uses an incomplete regular expression to find a matching username in its database, which allows remote authenticated attackers to effectively delete other usernames via a short username that matches the end of the targeted username.
      This vulnerability affects all versions of phpSquidPass before 0.2
      SQL injection vulnerability in Gender MOD 1.1.3 allows remote attackers to gain administrative access via the user_level parameter in the User Profile page.
      BEA WebLogic Server and Express 6.1 through 7.0.0.1 buffers HTTP requests in a way that can cause BEA to send the same response for two different HTTP requests, which could allow remote attackers to obtain sensitive information that was intended for other users.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in article.php module for phpWebSite 0.8.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Javascript script via the sid parameter, as demonstrated using an IMG tag.
      This vulnerability affects phpWebsite version 0.8.3, and may affect all other versions of phpWebsite.
      The dynamic initialization feature of the ClearPath MCP environment allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a TCP port scan using a tool such as nmap.
      This vulnarability may affect all versions of Unisys, ClearPath MCP.
      The setitimer(2) system call in OpenBSD 2.0 through 3.1 does not properly check certain arguments, which allows local users to write to kernel memory and possibly gain root privileges, possibly via an integer signedness error.
      SonicWall Content Filtering allows local users to access prohibited web sites via requests to the web site's IP address instead of the domain name.
      Buffer overflow in Seunghyun Seo's MSN666 MSN Sniffer 1.0 and 1.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long MSN packet.
      phpShare.php in phpShare before 0.6 beta 3 allows remote attackers to include and execute arbitrary PHP scripts from remote servers.
      Digi-Net Technologies DigiChat 3.5 allows chat users to obtain the IP addresses of other chat users via a "Showip" parameter in the chat applet.
      The Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) allows local users to cause a denial of service via an IGMP membership report to a target's Ethernet address instead of the Multicast group address, which causes the target to stop sending reports to the router and effectively disconnect the group from the network.
      IGMP 1 and 2
      Macromedia JRun 3.0, 3.1, and 4.0 allow remote attackers to view the source code of .JSP files via Unicode encoded character values in a URL.
      Unknown "file disclosure" vulnerability in Macromedia JRun 3.0, 3.1, and 4.0, related to a log file or jrun.ini, with unknown impact.
      OpenBSD before 3.2 allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel crash) via a call to getrlimit(2) with invalid arguments, possibly due to an integer signedness error.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in ActiveXperts Software ActiveWebserver allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script via a link.
      ArtsCore Studios CuteCast Forum 1.2 stores passwords in plaintext under the web document root, which allows remote attackers to obtain the passwords via an HTTP request to a .user file.
      Lotus Domino 5.0.9a and earlier, even when configured with the 'DominoNoBanner=1' option, allows remote attackers to obtain potential sensitive information such as the version via a request for a non-existent .nsf database, which leaks the version in the HTTP banner.
      This issue is present on Lotus Domino Server with the 'DominoNoBanner' set to a value of '1'.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Perception LiteServe 2.0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary web script via (1) a Host: header when DNS wildcards are supported or (2) the query string in a "dir" request to indexed folders.
      This vulnerability is limited to server configurations with Wildcard DNS enabled.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mojo.cgi for Mojo Mail 2.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script via the email parameter.
      Buffer overflow in the version update check for Winamp 2.80 and earlier allows remote attackers who can spoof www.winamp.com to execute arbitrary code via a long server response.
      Samba before 2.2.5 does not properly terminate the enum_csc_policy data structure, which may allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a buffer overflow attack.
      Unknown vulnerability in Sun Solaris 8.0 allows local users to cause a denial of service (kernel panic) via a program that uses /dev/poll, triggering a NULL pointer dereference.
      Buffer overflow in ZMailer before 2.99.51_1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code during HELO processing from an IPv6 address, possibly using an address that resolves to a long hostname.
      The default aide.conf file in Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment (AIDE) before 0.7_1 on FreeBSD before 2002-08-28 does not properly check subdirectories, which could allow local users to bypass detection.
      This vulnerability affects all versions of AIDE (Advanced Intrusion Detection Environment) before 0.7_1 on FreeBSD before 2002-08-28.
      Benjamin Lefevre Dobermann FORUM 0.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to remotely include and execute malicious PHP files via the "subpath" variablein (1) entete.php, (2) enteteacceuil.php, (3) index.php, or (4) newtopic.php.
      The Printer Administration module for Webmin 0.990 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the printer name.
      Outlook Express 6.0 does not delete messages from dbx files, even when a user empties the Deleted items folder, which allows local users to read other users email.
      This vulnerability affects Outlook Express 6.0 on any version of the Windows OS.
      Unknown vulnerability in the System Serial Console terminal in Solaris 2.5.1, 2.6, and 7 allows local users to monitor keystrokes and possibly steal sensitive information.
      The default --checksig setting in RPM Package Manager 4.0.4 checks that a package's signature is valid without listing who signed it, which can allow remote attackers to make it appear that a malicious package comes from a trusted source.
      A large degree of social engineering and user interaction is neccessary to exploit this vulnerbility. 
      Buffer overflow in Webresolve 0.1.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by connecting to the server from an IP address that resolves to a long hostname.
      The POP3 proxy service (POPROXY.EXE) in Norton AntiVirus 2001 allows local users to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption and crash) via a long username with multiple /localhost entries.
      Buffer overflow in ssldump 0.9b2 and earlier, when running in decryption mode, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long RSA PreMasterSecret.
      Extended Interior Gateway Routing Protocol (EIGRP), as implemented in Cisco IOS 11.3 through 12.2 and other products, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (flood) by sending a large number of spoofed EIGRP neighbor announcements, which results in an ARP storm on the local network.
      Unspecified "security vulnerability" in Baby FTP Server versions before November 7, 2002 has unknown impact and attack vectors.
      The installation of OpenOffice 1.0.1 allows local users to overwrite files and possibly gain privileges via a symlink attack on the USERNAME_autoresponse.conf temporary file.
      BIND 4 and BIND 8, when resolving recursive DNS queries for arbitrary hosts, allows remote attackers to conduct DNS cache poisoning via a birthday attack that uses a large number of open queries for the same resource record (RR) combined with spoofed responses, which increases the possibility of successfully spoofing a response in a way that is more efficient than brute force methods.
      The DNS resolver in unspecified versions of Fujitsu UXP/V, when resolving recursive DNS queries for arbitrary hosts, allows remote attackers to conduct DNS cache poisoning via a birthday attack that uses a large number of open queries for the same resource record (RR) combined with spoofed responses, which increases the possibility of successfully spoofing a response in a way that is more efficient than brute force methods.
      The DNS resolver in unspecified versions of Infoblox DNS One, when resolving recursive DNS queries for arbitrary hosts, allows remote attackers to conduct DNS cache poisoning via a birthday attack that uses a large number of open queries for the same resource record (RR) combined with spoofed responses, which increases the possibility of successfully spoofing a response in a way that is more efficient than brute force methods.
      The php_if_imap_mime_header_decode function in the IMAP functionality in PHP before 4.2.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an e-mail header with a long "To" header.
      The imap_header function in the IMAP functionality for PHP before 4.3.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via an e-mail message with a large number of "To" addresses, which triggers an error in the rfc822_write_address function.
      This vulnerability is addressed in the following product release:
PHP, PHP, 4.3.0
      Soft3304 04WebServer before 1.20 does not properly process URL strings, which allows remote attackers to obtain unspecified sensitive information.
      Multiple PHP remote file inclusion vulnerabilities in Web Server Creator - Web Portal (WSC-WebPortal) 0.1 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via a URL in the (1) l parameter to customize.php or the (2) pg parameter to index.php.
      CRLF injection vulnerability in the setUserValue function in sipssys/code/site.inc.php in Haakon Nilsen simple, integrated publishing system (SIPS) before 20020209 has unknown impact, possibly gaining privileges or modifying critical configuration, via a CRLF sequence in a key value.
      chetcpasswd.cgi in Pedro Lineu Orso chetcpasswd before 2.1 allows remote attackers to read the last line of the shadow file via a long user (userid) field.
      Buffer overflow in Pedro Lineu Orso chetcpasswd before 1.12, when configured for access from 0.0.0.0, allows local users to gain privileges via unspecified vectors.
      Untrusted search path vulnerability in Pedro Lineu Orso chetcpasswd 2.4.1 and earlier allows local users to gain privileges via a modified PATH that references a malicious cp binary.  NOTE: this issue might overlap CVE-2006-6639.
      isakmpd/message.c in isakmpd in FreeBSD before isakmpd-20020403_1, and in OpenBSD 3.1, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) by sending Internet Key Exchange (IKE) payloads out of sequence.
      Buffer overflow in NetScreen-Remote 8.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via crafted Internet Key Exchange (IKE) response packets, possibly including (1) a large Security Parameter Index (SPI) field, (2) large number of payloads, or (3) a long payload.
      Buffer overflow in PGPFreeware 7.03 running on Windows NT 4.0 SP6 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via crafted Internet Key Exchange (IKE) response packets, possibly including (1) a large Security Parameter Index (SPI) field, (2) large number of payloads, or (3) a long payload.
      SafeNet VPN client allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via crafted Internet Key Exchange (IKE) response packets, possibly involving buffer overflows using (1) a large Security Parameter Index (SPI) field, (2) a large number of payloads, or (3) a long payload.
      Buffer overflow in tftpd of TFTP32 2.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long filename argument.
      Buffer underflow in ssldump 0.9b2 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory corruption) via a crafted SSLv2 challenge value.
      MailScanner before 4.0 5-1 and before 3.2 6-1 allows remote attackers to bypass protection via attachments with a filename with (1) extra leading spaces, (2) extra trailing spaces, or (3) alternate character encodings that cannot be processed by MailScanner.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Sapio Design Ltd. WebReflex 1.53 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. in an HTTP request.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Ikonboard 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a private message with a javascript: URL in the IMG tag, in which the URL ends in a ".gif" or ".jpg" string, a variant of CVE-2002-0328.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Ikonboard 3.1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) a javascript: URL in a photo URL or (2) an X-Forwarded-For: header.
      Buffer overflow in Enceladus Server Suite 3.9 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long CD (CWD) command.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Enceladus Server Suite 3.9 allows remote attackers to list arbitrary directories and possibly cause a denial of service via "@" (at) characters in a CD (CWD) command, such as (1) "@/....\", (2) "@@@/..c:\", or (3) "@/..@/..".
      NetScreen ScreenOS before 4.0.1 allows remote attackers to bypass the Malicious-URL blocking feature by splitting the URL into fragmented IP requests.
      member2.php in vBulletin 2.2.9 and earlier does not properly restrict the $perpage variable to be an integer, which causes an error message to be reflected back to the user without quoting, which facilitates cross-site scripting (XSS) and possibly other attacks.
      Format string vulnerability in the awp_log function in apt-www-proxy 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code.
      tftp32 TFTP server 2.21 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a GET request with a DOS device name such as com1 or aux.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in the Kunani ODBC FTP Server 1.0.10 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a "..\" (dot dot backslash) in a GET request.
      The Cisco Optical Service Module (OSM) for the Catalyst 6500 and 7600 series running Cisco IOS 12.1(8)E through 12.1(13.4)E allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a malformed packet.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in MyServer 0.11 and 0.2 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a ".." (dot dot) in an HTTP GET request.
      Buffer overflow in httpd32.exe in Deerfield VisNetic WebSite before 3.5.15 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HTTP OPTIONS request.
      The Apple Package Manager in KisMAC 0.02a and earlier modifies file permissions of sensitive files after installation, which could allow attackers to conduct unauthorized activities on those files.
      Akfingerd 0.5 and possibly earlier versions only allows one connection at a time and does not time out connections, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (refused connections) by opening a connection and not closing it.
      Akfingerd 0.5 and earlier versions allow local users to cause a denial of service (crash) via a .plan with a symlink to /dev/urandom or other device, then disconnecting while data is being transferred, which causes a SIGPIPE error that Akfingerd cannot handle.
      ftpd in NetBSD 1.5 through 1.5.3 and 1.6 does not properly quote a digit in response to a STAT command for a filename that contains a carriage return followed by a digit, which can cause firewalls and other intermediary devices to lose proper track of the FTP session.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in VisNetic Website before 3.5.15 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the HTTP referer header (HTTP_REFERER) to a non-existent page, which is injected into the resulting 404 error page.
      The administrator/phpinfo.php script in Mambo Site Server 4.0.11 allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information such as the full web root path via phpinfo.php, which calls the phpinfo function.
      Buffer overflow in the sun.awt.windows.WDefaultFontCharset Java class implementation in Netscape 4.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via an applet that calls the WDefaultFontCharset constructor with a long string and invokes the canConvert method.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in News Evolution 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP commands via the neurl parameter to (1) backend.php, (2) screen.php, or (3) admin/modules/comment.php.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Sybase Adaptive Server 12.0 and 12.5 allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) a long parameter to the xp_freedll extended stored procedure or (2) a long database name argument to the DBCC CHECKVERIFY function.
      Buffer overflow in the changevalue function in libcgi.h for Marcos Luiz Onisto Lib CGI 0.1 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument.
      SQL injection vulnerability in auth.inc.php in Thatware 0.5.0 and earlier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via a base64-encoded user parameter.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Cyrus Sieve / libSieve 2.1.2 and earlier allow remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via (1) a long header name, (2) a long IMAP flag, or (3) a script that generates a large number of errors that overflow the resulting error string.
      The experimental IP packet queuing feature in Netfilter / IPTables in Linux kernel 2.4 up to 2.4.19 and 2.5 up to 2.5.31, when a privileged process exits and network traffic is not being queued, may allow a later process with the same Process ID (PID) to access certain network traffic that would otherwise be restricted.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in search.php in phpBB 2.0.3 and possibly earlier versions allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the search_username parameter in searchuser mode.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in pWins Webserver 0.2.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via Unicode characters.
      Stack-based buffer overflow in the parse_field function in cgi_lib.c for LIBCGI 1.0.2 and 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long argument.
      Moby NetSuite allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP POST request with a (1) large integer or (2) non-numeric value in the Content-Length header, which causes an access violation after a failed atoi function call.
      Buffer overflow in the French documentation patch for Gnuplot 3.7 in SuSE Linux before 8.0 allows local users to execute arbitrary code as root via unknown attack vectors.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the quips feature in Mozilla Bugzilla 2.10 through 2.17 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the "show all quips" page.
      Sendmail 8.9.0 through 8.12.6 allows remote attackers to bypass relaying restrictions enforced by the 'check_relay' function by spoofing a blank DNS hostname.
      Unspecified vulnerability in xntpd of HP-UX 10.20 through 11.11 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via unknown attack vectors.
      The installation program for HP-UX Visualize Conference B.11.00.11 running on HP-UX 11.00 and 11.11 installs /etc/dt and its subdirecties with insecure permissions, which allows local users to read or write arbitrary files.
      Unspecified vulnerability in Internet Group Management Protocol (IGMP) of HP Tru64 4.0F through 5.1A allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via unknown attack vectors.  NOTE: this might be the same issue as CVE-2002-2185, but there are insufficient details to be certain.
      More Information: http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/6175/info
      Unspecified vulnerability in LDAP Module in System Authentication of Open Source Internet Solutions (OSIS) 5.4 running on Tru64 UNIX 4.0G and 4.0F allows remote attackers to gain access to arbitrary files or gain privileges via unknown attack vectors.
      NetScreen ScreenOS 2.8 through 4.0, when forwarding H.323 or Netmeeting traffic, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (firewall session table consumption) by establishing multiple half-open H.323 sessions, which are not cleaned up on garbage removal and do not time out for 36 hours.
      bogopass in bogofilter 0.9.0.4 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files via a symlink attack on the bogopass temporary file.
      Buffer overflow in Webster HTTP Server allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long URL.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Webster HTTP Server allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the URL.
      Unspecified vulnerability in the ied command in HP-UX 10.10, 10.20, and 11.0 allows local users to view "normally invisible data" via unknown attack vectors.
      Buffer overflow in BigFun 1.51b IRC client, when the Direct Client Connection (DCC) option is used, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long string.
      Tomcat 4.0 through 4.1.12, using mod_jk 1.2.1 module on Apache 1.3 through 1.3.27, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (desynchronized communications) via an HTTP GET request with a Transfer-Encoding chunked field with invalid values.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Webster HTTP Server allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URL.
      akfingerd 0.5 allows local users to read arbitrary files as the akfingerd user (nobody) via a symlink attack on the .plan file.
      Fortres 101 4.1 allows local users to bypass Fortres by pressing the Windows and "F" key together for 30 seconds, which opens multiple windows and eventually causes explorer.exe to crash, which then opens an unrestricted explorer.exe.
      Ultimate PHP Board (UPB) 1.0 allows remote attackers to view the physical path of the message board via a direct request to add.php, which leaks the path in an error message.
      SQL injection vulnerability in mod_search/index.php in PortailPHP 0.99 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) $rech, (2) $BD_Tab_docs, (3) $BD_Tab_file, (4) $BD_Tab_liens, (5) $BD_Tab_faq, or (6) $chemin variables.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in mod_search/index.php in PortailPHP 0.99 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the (1) $App_Theme, (2) $Rub_Search, (3) $Rub_News, (4) $Rub_File, (5) $Rub_Liens, or (6) $Rub_Faq variables.
      Unspecified vulnerability in the bind function in config.inc of aldap 0.09 allows remote attackers to authenticate with Manager permissions.
      syslogd on OpenBSD 2.9 through 3.2 does not change the source IP address of syslog packets when the machine's IP addressed is changed without rebooting, e.g. via ifconfig, which can cause incorrect information to be sent to the syslog server.
      Symantec Java! JIT (Just-In-Time) Compiler for Netscape Communicator 4.0 through 4.8 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary Java commands via an applet that uses a jump call, which is not correctly compiled by the JIT compiler.
      McAfee VirusScan 4.5.1, when the WebScanX.exe module is enabled, searches for particular DLLs from the user's home directory, even when browsing the local hard drive, which allows local users to run arbitrary code via malicious versions of those DLLs.
      Microsoft Windows XP with Fast User Switching (FUS) enabled does not remove the "show processes from all users" privilege when the user is removed from the administrator group, which allows that user to view processes of other users.
      Netscape Communicator 4.0 through 4.79 allows remote attackers to bypass JVM security and execute arbitrary Java code via an applet that loads user-supplied Java classes.
      eTrust InoculateIT 6.0 with the "Incremental Scan" option enabled may certify that a file is free of viruses before the file has been completely downloaded, which allows remote attackers to bypass virus detection.
      The parse-get function in utils.c for apt-www-proxy 0.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an empty HTTP request, which causes a null dereference.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in quick_reply.php for phpBB Advanced Quick Reply Hack 1.0.0 and 1.1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the phpbb_root_path parameter.
      Mambo Site Server 4.0.11 allows remote attackers to obtain the physical path of the server via an HTTP request to index.php with a parameter that does not exist, which causes the path to be leaked in an error message.
      soinfo.php in BadBlue 1.7.1 calls the phpinfo function, which allows remote attackers to gain sensitive information including ODBC passwords.
      Mambo Site Server 4.0.11 installs with a default username and password of admin, which allows remote attackers to gain privileges.
      Calisto Internet Talker 0.04 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a long request, possibly triggering a buffer overflow.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Remote Console Applet in Halycon Software iASP 1.0.9 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the HTTP request to port 9095.
      Webshots Desktop screensaver allows local users to bypass the password on the screensaver by pressing CTRL-ALT-DELETE and (1) hitting the cancel button or (2) killing the screensaver from the task manager.
      Multiple buffer overflows in Symantec Raptor Firewall 6.5 and 6.5.3, Enterprise Firewall 6.5.2 and 7.0, VelociRaptor 500/700/1000 and 1100/1200/1300, and Gateway Security 5110/5200/5300 allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service (service termination) via (1) malformed RealAudio (rad) packets that are not properly handled by the RealAudio Proxy, or (2) crafted packets to the statistics service (statsd).
      Buffer overflow in Pico Server (pServ) 2.0 beta 1 through beta 5 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via (1) a 1024-byte TCP stream message, which triggers an off-by-one buffer overflow, or (2) a long method name in an HTTP request, (3) a long version number in an HTTP request, (4) a long User-Agent header, or (5) a long file path.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in YaBB.pl in Yet Another Bulletin Board (YaBB) 1 Gold SP 1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the num parameter.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in artlist.php in Thatware 0.5.2 and 0.5.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the root_path parameter.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in config.php in Thatware 0.3 through 0.5.3 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the root_path parameter.
      PHP remote file inclusion vulnerability in thatfile.php in Thatware 0.3 through 0.5.2 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary PHP code via the root_path parameter.
      Buffer overflow in ftpd 5.4 in 3Com NBX 4.0.17 or ftpd 5.4.2 in 3Com NBX 4.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long CEL command.
      Lawson Financials 8.0, when configured to use a third party relational database, stores usernames and passwords in a world-readable file, which allows local users to read the passwords and log onto the database.
      3D3.Com ShopFactory 5.5 through 5.8 allows remote attackers to modify the prices in their shopping carts by modifying the price in a hidden form field.
      3D3.Com ShopFactory 5.8 uses client-side encryption and decryption for sensitive price data, which allows remote attackers to modify shopping cart prices by using the Javascript to decrypt the cookie that contains the data.
      SQL injection vulnerability in admin/auth/checksession.php in MyPHPLinks 2.1.9 and 2.2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the idsession parameter.
      SQL injection vulnerability in agentadmin.php in Immobilier allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the (1) agentname or (2) agentpassword parameter.
      Sharman Networks KaZaA Media Desktop 1.7.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by sending several large messages.
      The default configuration of BenHur Firewall release 3 update 066 fix 2 allows remote attackers to access arbitrary services by connecting from source port 20.
      Netscape Communicator 6.2.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service in client browsers via a webpage containing a recursive META refresh tag where the content tag is blank and the URL tag references itself.
      php.exe in PHP 3.0 through 4.2.2, when running on Apache, does not terminate properly, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service via a direct request without arguments.
      ClickCartPro 4.0 stores the admin_user.db data file under the web document root with insufficient access control on servers other than Apache, which allows remote attackers to obtain usernames and passwords.
      Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0 and possibly others allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary file contents when users press a key corresponding to the JavaScript (1) event.ctrlKey or (2) event.shiftKey onkeydown event contained in a webpage.  NOTE: it was reported that the vendor has disputed the severity of this issue.
      Opera 6.0.1 allows remote attackers to upload arbitrary file contents when users press a key corresponding to the JavaScript (1) event.ctrlKey or (2) event.shiftKey onkeydown event contained in a webpage.
      Eudora email client 5.1.1, with "use Microsoft viewer" enabled, allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary programs via an HTML email message containing a META refresh tag that references an embedded .mhtml file with ActiveX controls that execute a second embedded program, which is processed by Internet Explorer.
      Mozilla 1.0 allows remote attackers to steal cookies from other domains via a javascript: URL with a leading "//" and ending in a newline, which causes the host/path check to fail.
      Cisco IOS 11.2.x and 12.0.x does not limit the size of its redirect table, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via spoofed ICMP redirect packets to the router.
      Cisco Catalyst 4000 series switches running CatOS 5.5.5, 6.3.5, and 7.1.2 do not always learn MAC addresses from a single initial packet, which causes unicast traffic to be broadcast across the switch and allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive network information by sniffing.
      Memory leak in the (1) httpd, (2) nntpd, and (3) vpn driver in VelociRaptor 1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (memory consumption) via an unknown method.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Falcon web server 2.0.0.1009 through 2.0.0.1021 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URI, which is inserted into 301 error messages and executed by 404 error messages.
      Static code injection vulnerability in users.php in MySimpleNews allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary PHP code and HTML via the (1) LOGIN, (2) DATA, and (3) MESS parameters, which are inserted into news.php3.
      MySimpleNews 1.0 allows remote attackers to delete arbitrary email messages via a direct request to vider.php3.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in (1) showcat.php and (2) addyoursite.php in phpLinkat 0.1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the catid parameter.
      Ultimate PHP Board (UPB) 1.0b stores the users.dat data file under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain usernames and passwords.
      Sun PC NetLink 1.0 through 1.2 does not properly set the access control list (ACL) for files and directories that use symbolic links and have been restored from backup, which could allow local or remote attackers to bypass intended access restrictions.
      The "System Restore" directory and subdirectories, and possibly other subdirectories in the "System Volume Information" directory on Windows XP Professional, have insecure access control list (ACL) permissions, which allows local users to access restricted files and modify registry settings.
      The c-client library in Internet Message Access Protocol (IMAP) dated before 2002 RC2, as used by Pine 4.20 through 4.44, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (client crash) via a MIME-encoded email with Content-Type header containing an empty boundary field.
      The default configuration of Mail.app in Mac OS X 10.0 through 10.0.4 and 10.1 through 10.1.5 sends iDisk authentication credentials in cleartext when connecting to Mac.com, which could allow remote attackers to obtain passwords by sniffing network traffic.
      Unspecified vulnerability in the environmental monitoring subsystem in Solaris 8 running on Sun Fire 280R, V480 and V880 allows local users to cause a denial of service by setting volatile properties.
      Active Directory in Windows 2000, when supporting Kerberos V authentication and GSSAPI, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via an LDAP client that sets the page length to zero during a large request.
      ICQ client 2001b, 2002a and 2002b allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption or crash) via a message with a large number of emoticons.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in stat.pl in StatsPlus 1.25 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) HTTP_USER_AGENT or (2) HTTP_REFERER, which is written to stats.html and executed in client browsers.
      W3Mail 1.0.2 through 1.0.5 with server side scripting (SSI) enabled in the attachments directory does not properly restrict the types of files that can be uploaded as attachments, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code by sending code in MIME attachments, then requesting the attachments.
      Buffer overflow in Opera 6.01 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an IMG tag with large width and height attributes.
      Buffer overflow in konqueror in KDE 2.1 through 3.0 and 3.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an IMG tag with large width and height attributes.
      Joe text editor 2.8 through 2.9.7 does not remove the group and user setuid bits for backup files, which could allow local users to execute arbitrary setuid and setgid root programs when root edits scripts owned by other users.
      Killer Protection 1.0 stores the vars.inc include file under the web root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain user names and passwords and log in using protection.php.
      Norton Personal Firewall 2002 4.0, when configured to automatically block attacks, allows remote attackers to block IP addresses and cause a denial of service via spoofed packets.
      Kaspersky Anti-Hacker 1.0, when configured to automatically block attacks, allows remote attackers to block IP addresses and cause a denial of service via spoofed packets.
      The POP3 mail client in Mozilla 1.0 and earlier, and Netscape Communicator 4.7 and earlier, allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (no new mail) via a mail message containing a dot (.) at a newline, which is interpreted as the end of the message.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in configure.asp in Script-Shed GuestBook 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a javascript: URL in (1) image, (2) img, (3) image=right, (4) img=right, (5) image=left, and (6) img=left tags.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in read.php in Phorum 3.3.2a allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via (1) the t parameter or (2) the body of an email response.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in content blocking in SonicWALL SOHO3 6.3.0.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a blocked URL.
      Bannermatic 1, 2, and 3 stores the (1) ban.log, (2) ban.bak, (3) ban.dat and (4) banmat.pwd data files under the web document root with insufficient access control, which allows attackers to obtain sensitive information via a direct request for the files.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in NOCC 0.9 through 0.9.5 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via email messages.
      Ensim WEBppliance 3.0 and 3.1 allows remote attackers to read mail intended for other users by defining an alias that is the target's email address.
      Oracle 9i Application Server 9.0.2 stores the web cache administrator interface password in plaintext, which allows remote attackers to gain access.
      phpBB 2.0 through 2.0.3 generates names for uploaded avatar files with the hex-encoded IP address of the client system, which allows remote attackers to obtain client IP addresses.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Oracle Java Server Page (OJSP) demo files (1) hellouser.jsp, (2) welcomeuser.jsp and (3) usebean.jsp in Oracle 9i Application Server 9.0.2, 1.0.2.2, 1.0.2.1s and 1.0.2 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the text entry field.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in athcgi.exe in Authoria HR allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the command parameter.
      phpinfo.php in phpBBmod 1.3.3 executes the phpinfo function, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive environment information.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in z_user_show.php in dbtreelistproperty_method.php in Zorum 2.4 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the class parameter.
      Eudora 5.1 allows remote attackers to bypass security warnings and possibly execute arbitrary code via attachments with names containing a trailing "." (dot).
      The NBActiveX.ocx ActiveX control in NeoBook 4 allows remote attackers to install and execute arbitrary programs.
      tftpd32 2.50 and 2.50.2 allows remote attackers to read or write arbitrary files via a full pathname in GET and PUT requests.
      Netgear FM114P firmware 1.3 wireless firewall allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash or hang) via a large number of TCP connection requests.
      Netgear FM114P firmware 1.3 wireless firewall, when configured to backup configuration information, stores DDNS (DynDNS) user name and password, MAC address filtering table and possibly other information in cleartext, which could allow local users to obtain sensitive information.
      HAMweather 2.x allows remote attackers to modify administrative settings and obtain sensitive information via a direct request to hwadmin.cgi.
      MailEnable 1.5 015 through 1.5 018 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long USER string, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the FTP view feature in Opera 6.0 and 6.01 through 6.04 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the title tag of an FTP URL.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the FTP view feature in Mozilla 1.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the title tag of an ftp URL.
      The RPC module in Webmin 0.21 through 0.99, when installed without root or admin privileges, allows remote attackers to read and write to arbitrary files and execute arbitrary commands via remote_foreign_require and remote_foreign_call requests.
      The installer in Yahoo! Messenger 4.0, 5.0 and 5.5 does not verify package signatures which could allow remote attackers to install trojan programs via DNS spoofing.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in form_header.php in MyMarket 1.71 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the noticemsg parameter.
      VJE.VJE-RUN in HP-UX 11.00 adds bin to /etc/PATH, which could allow local users to gain privileges.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHP Ticket 0.5 and earlier allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a help ticket.
      Simple WAIS (SWAIS) 1.11 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via the shell metacharacters in the search field, as demonstrated using the "|" (pipe) character.
      Buffer overflow in the XML parser of Trillian 0.6351, 0.725 and 0.73 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a skin with a long colors file name in trillian.xml.
      Off-by-one buffer overflow in NEC SOCKS5 1.0 r11 and earlier allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long hostname.
      Multiple buffer overflows in NEC SOCKS5 1.0 r11 and earlier allow remote attackers to cause a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long username to (1) the GetString function in proxy.c for the SOCKS5 module or (2) the HandleS4Connection function in proxy.c for the SOCKS4 module.
      Perception LiteServe 2.0 allows remote attackers to read password protected files via a leading "/./" in a URL.
      SWS web server 0.0.4, 0.0.3 and 0.1.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a URL request that does not end with a newline.
      Linksys WET11 firmware 1.31 and 1.32 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a packet containing the device's hardware address as the source MAC address in the DLC header.
      The telnet server in Infoprint 21 running controller software before 1.056007 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long username, possibly due to a buffer overflow.
      The default configuration of the TCP/IP printer configuration utility in Apple LaserWriter 12/640 PS printer contains a blank Telnet password, which allows remote attackers to gain access.
      Unspecified vulnerability in pprosetup in Sun PatchPro 2.0 has unknown impact and attack vectors related to "unsafe use of temporary files."
      Directory traversal vulnerability in CommuniGate Pro 4.0b4 and possibly earlier versions allows remote attackers to list the contents of the WebUser directory and its parent directory via a (1) .. (dot dot) or (2) . (dot) in a URL.  NOTE: it is not clear whether this issue reveals any more information regarding directory structure than is already available to any CommuniGate Pro user, although there is a possibility that it could be used to infer product version information.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in E-Guest_sign.pl in E-Guest 1.1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary SSI directives, web script, and HTML via the (1) full name, (2) email, (3) homepage, and (4) location parameters.  NOTE: this issue might overlap CVE-2005-1605.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in addentry.cgi in ZAP 1.0.3 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary SSi directives, web script, and HTML via the entry field.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in AN HTTP 1.41d allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a colon (:) in the query string, which is inserted into the resulting error page.
      ** DISPUTED **  Cisco AS5350 IOS 12.2(11)T with access control lists (ACLs) applied and possibly with ssh running allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a port scan, possibly due to an ssh bug. NOTE: this issue could not be reproduced by the vendor.
      NetDSL ADSL Modem 800 with Microsoft Network firmware 5.5.11 allows remote attackers to gain access to configuration menus by sniffing undocumented usernames and passwords from network traffic.
      Multiple buffer overflows in (1) tetrinet_inmessage, (2) speclist_add and (3) config-getthemeinfo of GTetrinet 0.4.3 and earlier allow remote attackers to casue a denial of service and possibly execute arbitrary code.
      cvsupd.sh in CVSup 1.2 allows local users to overwrite arbitrary files and gain privileges via a symlink attack on /var/tmp/cvsupd.out.
      SQL injection vulnerability in f2html.pl 0.1 through 0.4 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via file names.
      hotfoon4.exe in Hotfoon 4.00 stores user names and passwords in cleartext in the hotfoon2 registry key, which allows local users to gain access to user accounts and steal phone service.
      Buffer overflow in hotfoon4.exe in Hotfoon 4.0 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a URL containing a long voice phone number.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in the Quizz module for XOOPS 1.0, when allowing on-line question development, allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a javascript: URL in the SRC attribute of an IMG tag.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Hyperion FTP server 2.8.1 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the LS command.
      Buffer overflow in INweb POP3 mail server 2.01 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long HELO command.
      TheServer 1.74 web server stores server.ini under the web document root with insufficient access control, which allows remote attackers to obtain cleartext passwords and gain access to server log files.
      Buffer overflow in the IDENT daemon (identd) in Trillian 0.6351, 0.725, 0.73, 0.74 and 1.0 pro allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long request.
      SQL injection vulnerability in index.php of WebChat 1.5 included in XOOPS 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary SQL commands via the roomid parameter.
      Winamp 2.65 through 3.0 stores skin files in a predictable file location, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a URL reference to (1) wsz and (2) wal files that contain embedded code.
      Serv-U FTP server 3.0, 3.1 and 4.0.0.4 does not accept new connections while validating user folder access rights, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (no new connections) via a series of MKD commands.
      InterScan VirusWall 3.6 for Linux and 3.52 for Windows allows remote attackers to bypass virus protection and possibly execute arbitrary code via HTTP 1.1 chunked transfer encoding.
      InterScan VirusWall 3.52 for Windows allows remote attackers to bypass virus protection and possibly execute arbitrary code via HTTP 1.1 gzip content encoding.
      Buffer overflow in Advanced TFTP (atftp) 0.5 and 0.6, if installed setuid or setgid, may allow local users to execute arbitrary code via a long argument to the -g option.
      Sygate personal firewall 5.0 could allow remote attackers to bypass firewall filters via spoofed (1) source IP address of 127.0.0.1 or (2) network address of 127.0.0.0.
      The new thread posting page in APBoard 2.02 and 2.03 allows remote attackers to post messages to protected forums by modifying the insertinto parameter.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in viewAttachment.cgi in W3Mail 1.0.6 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in the file parameter.
      Buffer overflow in the httpdProcessRequest function in LibHTTPD 1.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) and possibly execute arbitrary code via a long HTTP POST request.
      NT Virtual DOS Machine (NTVDM.EXE) in Windows 2000, NT and XP does not verify user execution permissions for 16-bit executable files, which allows local users to bypass the loader and execute arbitrary programs.
      SURECOM broadband router EP-4501 uses a default SNMP read community string of "public" and a default SNMP read/write community string of "secret," which allows remote attackers to read and modify router configuration information.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in KeyFocus web server 1.0.8 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files for recognized MIME type files via "...", "....", ".....", and other multiple dot sequences.
      Buffer overflow in IISPop email server 1.161 and 1.181 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a long request to the POP3 port (TCP port 110).
      Check Point FireWall-1 4.1 and Next Generation (NG), with UserAuth configured to proxy HTTP traffic only, allows remote attackers to pass unauthorized HTTPS, FTP and possibly other traffic through the firewall.
      Buffer overflow in HTTP server in LiteServe 2.0, 2.0.1 and 2.0.2 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (hang) via a large number of percent characters (%) in an HTTP GET request.
      Certain patches for QNX Neutrino realtime operating system (RTOS) 6.2.0 set insecure permissions for the files (1) /sbin/io-audio by OS Update Patch A, (2) /bin/shutdown, (3) /sbin/fs-pkg, and (4) phshutdown by QNX experimental patches, (5) cpim, (6) vpim, (7) phrelaycfg, and (8) columns, (9) othello, (10) peg, (11) solitaire, and (12) vpoker in the games pack 2.0.3, which allows local users to gain privileges by modifying the files before permissions are changed.
      Gordano Messaging Server (GMS) Mail 8 (a.k.a. NTMail) only filters email messages for the first recipient, which allows remote attackers to bypass JUCE filters by sending a message to more than one user on the GMS server.
      Photon microGUI in QNX Neutrino realtime operating system (RTOS) 6.1.0 and 6.2.0 allows attackers to read user clipboard information via a direct request to the 1.TEXT file in a directory whose name is a hex-encoded user ID.
      openwebmail.pl in Open WebMail 1.7 and 1.71 reveals sensitive information in error messages and generates different responses whether a user exists or not, which allows remote attackers to identify valid usernames via brute force attacks and obtain certain configuration and version information.
      Buffer overflow in badmin.c in BannerWheel 1.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via a long rcmd command.
      Winamp 2.80 stores authentication credentials in plaintext in the (1) [HTTP-AUTH] and (2) [winamp] sections in winamp.ini, which allows local users to gain access to other accounts.
      WebSite Pro 3.1.11.0 on Windows allows remote attackers to read script source code for files with extensions greater than 3 characters via a URL request that uses the equivalent 8.3 file name.
      Opera 6.0.3, when using Squid 2.4 for HTTPS proxying, does not properly handle when accepting a non-global certificate authority (CA) certificate from a site and establishing a subsequent HTTPS connection, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash).
      Allied Telesyn AT-8024 1.3.1 and Rapier 24 switches allow remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service in the management interface via a stream of zero (null) bytes sent via UDP to a running service.
      Directory traversal vulnerability in Zeroo web server 1.5 allows remote attackers to read arbitrary files via a .. (dot dot) in a URL GET request.
      acFTP 1.4 does not properly handle when an invalid password is provided by the user during authentication, which allows remote attackers to hide or misrepresent certain activity from log files and possibly gain privileges.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in acFreeProxy (aka acFP) 1.33 beta 7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the URL, which is inserted into an error page.
      Direct connect text client (DCTC) client 0.83.3 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via a string ending with a NULL byte character.
      site_searcher.cgi in Super Site Searcher allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary commands via shell metacharacters in the page parameter.
      acWEB 1.14 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (crash) via an HTTP request for a MS-DOS device name such as COM2.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in Compaq Insight Management Agents 2.0, 2.1, 3.6.0, 4.2 and 4.3.7 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via a URL, which inserts the script into the resulting error message.
      Sendmail 8.12.0 through 8.12.6 truncates log messages longer than 100 characters, which allows remote attackers to prevent the IP address from being logged via a long IDENT response.
      Cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in PHP(Reactor) 1.2.7 pl1 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via Javascript in the style attribute of an HTML tag.
      Sun AnswerBook2 1.2 through 1.4.2 allows remote attackers to execute administrative scripts such as (1) AdminViewError and (2) AdminAddadmin via a direct request.
      Cross-site request forgery (CSRF) vulnerability in Citrix Presentation Server 4.0 and 4.5, MetaFrame Presentation Server 3.0, and Access Essentials 1.0 through 2.0 allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary published applications, and possibly other programs, as authenticated users via the InitialProgram key in an ICA connection. NOTE: some of these details are obtained from third party information.
      The security handler in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to bypass authentication and obtain access to protected web content via "an extra slash in a URL," a different vulnerability than CVE-2002-1603.
      webs.c in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (NULL pointer dereference and daemon crash) via an HTTP POST request that contains a Content-Length header but no body data.
      webs.c in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (daemon crash) via an HTTP POST request that contains a negative integer in the Content-Length header.
      GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.1 allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU consumption) by performing a socket disconnect to terminate a request before it has been fully processed by the server.
      Unspecified vulnerability in GoAhead WebServer before 2.1.4 allows remote attackers to cause "incorrect behavior" via unknown "malicious code," related to incorrect use of the socketInputBuffered function by sockGen.c.
      Unspecified vulnerability in NWFTPD.nlm before 5.03b in the FTP server in Novell NetWare allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (abend) via a crafted username.
      NWFTPD.nlm before 5.03b in the FTP server in Novell NetWare allows remote authenticated users to cause a denial of service (abend) via a crafted ABOR command.
      NWFTPD.nlm before 5.02i in the FTP server in Novell NetWare does not properly listen for data connections, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (abend) via multiple FTP sessions.
      The Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) implementation in Microsoft Internet Explorer 8.0 and earlier does not properly handle the :visited pseudo-class, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information about visited web pages via a crafted HTML document, a related issue to CVE-2010-2264.
      The Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) implementation in Mozilla Firefox before 4.0, Thunderbird before 3.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.1 does not properly handle the :visited pseudo-class, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information about visited web pages via a crafted HTML document, a related issue to CVE-2010-2264.
      The JavaScript implementation in Mozilla Firefox before 4.0, Thunderbird before 3.3, and SeaMonkey before 2.1 does not properly restrict the set of values contained in the object returned by the getComputedStyle method, which allows remote attackers to obtain sensitive information about visited web pages by calling this method.
      schpw.c in the kpasswd service in kadmind in MIT Kerberos 5 (aka krb5) before 1.11.3 does not properly validate UDP packets before sending responses, which allows remote attackers to cause a denial of service (CPU and bandwidth consumption) via a forged packet that triggers a communication loop, as demonstrated by krb_pingpong.nasl, a related issue to CVE-1999-0103.
      GE Healthcare Millennium MG, NC, and MyoSIGHT has a default password of (1) root.genie for the root user, (2) "service." for the service user, (3) admin.genie for the admin user, (4) reboot for the reboot user, and (5) shutdown for the shutdown user, which has unspecified impact and attack vectors.
      GE Healthcare Millennium MG, NC, and MyoSIGHT has a password of insite.genieacq for the insite account that cannot be changed without disabling product functionality for remote InSite support, which has unspecified impact and attack vectors.
